Review of Guanfacine: "My son is halfway through his fourth week of Intuniv. We became concerned when he began this last week, when he started taking the highest dose he will be on. For two days, he could hardly get out of bed, was very cranky, and slept for nearly 8 hours on a drive home from school vacation (very unusual for him.) I called his doctor on Monday morning and she said to stick it out a few days. See how he did at school, and with getting up in the morning. The last two days have been problem free. He is MUCH more agreeable than ever. He is less emotional (a good thing), less cranky. He is remembering all the things he should. Overall his behavior is better. We have tried many different medications and so far this is the most effective."
Review of Daytrana: "Hi all, My son who is 12 was diagnosed when he was in 2nd grade. We tried everything before medication. When we tried meds, the first one made him loose weight, fast. The second gave him a nasty tic that thankfully went away as soon as he stopped the med, the third worked for a couple of years and around January of last year we started to have problems so his doctor recommended Daytrana. It has been wonderful for my son! Easy to use, he handles this for himself each day and takes it off when he gets home from school. The patch effects last long enough for him to do his homework. He does have issues with weight gain and sleep but he uses melatonin before bed if he feels like he will not be able to shut down. The shortage is KILLING us!"
Review of Intuniv: "Intuniv did not work for my son; he was bouncing off the walls while he was taking it, and having major issues in class! It seems to work the opposite on him!"
Review of Focalin: "My 9 year old son has been on various medicines for ADHD since he was 6. We just switched to Focalin 10 mg about 2 weeks ago. We are noticing that by about 1:00 in the afternoon it is completely out of his system and there is no focus. We are going to try a booster dose of 5 mg in the afternoon. I'm going to talk to our doctor about lowering his morning dose because he feels shaky and tired, which I thought would have subsided by now. His focus is terrific but I wonder if we can get the same results by knocking down the dose a bit and adding the booster. Other than that, his sleep and eating habits are the same. Whew!"
Review of Vyvanse: "Today was my first day taking Vyvanse and wow! I usually have a sad down feeling and don't want to talk to anyone. I am a 26 year old college student. But today I actually made two new friends from class and went to lunch with them. I feel like I can walk in a room with confidence now. The only bad thing is I did have a mild headache around 9 pm. After it wore off and it only lasted around 8 hours with a dry mouth I am on the 60 mg dose. The other great thing is I actually felt like being in class today and took 7 pages of notes and sat in the very front of the class and wasn't afraid to ask questions! I'm happy to have found Vyvanse and paying attention is so much easier now. Highly recommended for people with ADD."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been on Vyvanse for almost 2 years and have had no major symptoms. I had dry mouth, but that pretty much subsided. I did lose about 30lbs, but I'm 5'9" and was weighing about 240lbs, so it wasn't as bad thing. I have ADHD, I started this medicine when I was almost 40. I'm almost 42 and really have had a great experience. My son is on it for ADD, and my daughter for ADHD. She was just tested and accepted into the gifted program and he is 2 years younger and has had significant improvements to his grades and behavior. I would recommend."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have struggled with ADD since I was in grade school. Although diagnosed, my mother was not about putting me on medication. That being said I struggled really bad until I graduated. I am now 22 & have been out on almost any ADD/ADHD medication you can think of. To keep it short & sweet, Concerta & focalin worked for about an hour then I turned into a horrible person to be around - extreme mood swings, aggression, agitation, really easily annoyed, & hostile. My doctor decided to put me on Adderall XR 10mg tablets & let me tell you it has saved my life!!!!!! It lasts all day for me, I am more focused, my heart rate doesn't jump to extremes like it did on Focalin. It actually makes me more relaxed & enjoyable to be around. 10/10"
Review of Atomoxetine: "28 years old, 165 pounds. Severe paranoia from stimulants and Wellbutrin; caffeine as well. Nowhere else to turn, I started on Straterra 10mg, twice a day. Effects in first 2 hours. Felt manic-ish. Sleep pattern disrupted. Cola colored urine stains on the toilet bowl when not flushed. Smoking desire enhanced. 2 weeks later. same dosage. Very focused. Used together occasionally with an anti-psychotic and anti-anxiety for when any panic attacks, manicness, or paranoia begins to occur. Studying time increased. Comprehension enhanced. Distractions minimized. Recommend this medicine at 10mg for those with side effects from stimulants."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Binders made of lactate are not good for my stomach, the 443 and dark blue pill work best for me."
Review of Concerta: "Some of these experiences are quite alarming! I never experienced the really harsh side effects such as depression, suicidal thoughts and any other bad side effects. I've been taking Concerta ever since I was 8. I was taken off of Concerta when I was 21 and I actually went down hill after that. I lost a lot of my friends and I can't control my thoughts, day dreams and mood swings and my performance at my job declined rapidly to the point where I almost lost it. I am 23 now and just got back on Concerta and am super happy with how it has organized my mind! ."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I can't function without it. I'm 20 years old and it turned my life around, the only thing was it gave me heart palpitations but its easily curable with a lower dose. I was taking 20 mg. I'm going to try it 10 mg. Too much makes you stay up for ages."
Review of Strattera: "This drug works mildly, not as well as stimulant medications like adderall.   Unfortonately while it mildly boosted concentration and motivation it severely increased my anxiety, ,heart rate, and tremors.   Stimulant medications actually decreased my natural tremors.   My pupils were always dialated as well.  To me this drug is a stimulant like super caffeine not a medicational stimulant."
Review of Focalin XR: "I was diagnosed with ADD when I was seven, I think. I had behavior issues in my second grade class and I drove my teacher nuts with my constant distractions and my lack of focus. Little things like small talk and excessive noises triggered my symptoms and I was put on Ritalin LA when I was eight. Ritalin was awful for me. I didn't sleep very well at all. I had periods of insomnia and when I would sleep it was very prolonged in hours of sleep I was getting. Finally, after a couple of years suffering with this Ritalin I talked with my doctor about trying a new medicine called Focalin XR when I was 13 and I am almost 18 now. Focalin XR has been really wonderful for me. My focus is better. It does cause diarrhea, and mood swings."
Review of Concerta: "For me, who is about to be 40 years old, I found that I had a shorter fuse than normal, couldn't finish anything, no energy, no focus. Went in to talk with a doctor and he tested me and found that I too was ADHD. I cannot tell you that I was shocked.  He said it was bad enough to warrant 36mg starting point.  I started it on a Thursday and by Sunday I had lost 6 lbs already.  Not that I didn't like losing that much but not the way it happened.  I have been so nauseated.  Now, days are not too bad but I feel like I am crashing at night and also very nauseated at night still. I cannot take this anymore. I will actually go back to the way I was, before I will keep up with this.  For my son at 81mg a day. It is absolutely FANTASTIC for him."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am very happy with Concerta. I am 17 years old and started taking this about 3 months ago. Before I took this, I had a lot of trouble in school with paying attention and focusing, and after I took it, I noticed an immediate difference and it was so much easier to focus and pay attention. Another really positive feedback from Concerta is that it helps me engage in conversation more because I am more focused and I don't interrupt people like I used to. Also, it helps me think things through more."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I had a great experience with this medication.  I had to go off all medication for a while but will ask for this again when I can resume. My doctor gave me Concerta and I didn't think it was doing anything.  I felt calmer, the way you feel after a well rested vacation, but that was all the difference I felt. THEN my co-workers started complimenting me on my work more, saying I was doing much better (They were the ones that suggested I get tested for ADHD)."
Review of Daytrana: "I am a 22 yr old female. Hated the significant side effects of Vyvase60mg. Hated Invuniv. Love the patch. Allows me to control the medication. I usually take it off about 7 hours after putting it on. This allows me to sleep at night. I can focus at work very well and no significant drop. I realized I cannot blow dry my hair, or go tanning with it on or I would get a big burst of medication! Sometimes have a hard time sleeping if I don't take it off early!"
Review of Daytrana: "My son has been on this patch for a year.  We started at 10mg, and are moving to 15 mg now.  It has (by far) been the best ADHD medicine we've tried. We have had pretty minimal skin irritation issues overall.  Sometimes the backing of the patch is hard to peel, but 15 seconds in the freezer solves that problem.  By far our favorite ADHD medicine."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 19 year old college student and just got prescribed Vyvanse about 2 days ago. When I take it I mainly feel relaxed and sometimes excited. I've never been on any stimulant or ADD medication before. My main concern is losing weight on this medicine. I'm about 5'9" and weigh about 135lbs. I eat a lot and I'm still fairly skinny. I've always worried about my weight and the last thing I want is to get skinnier. "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Started Vyvanse (30mg) about 3 years ago, and still on it to this day! I am extremely more concentrated, and have more motivation throughout the entire day. This medication saved my life, and I have not looked back every since! Plus you loose weight, so that's a plus (:"
Review of Ritalin: "I'm a 40 year old male who didn't have the benefits of medications when I was in school. ADD wasn't as well known back then. I was diagnosed with hyper dyslexia. I always thought that it was strange because I didn't see letters backwards but I just accepted it. I was officially diagnosed with ADD in my mid 20's. I have taken most of the medicine options over the past 12 years including Concerta, Strattera, Adderall, Ritalin and Ritalin LA. Couldn't sleep on Concerta, I was out of my mind with Strattera, Adderall was like popping caffeine pills and Ritalin was too high maintenance as it neutralized after 2-3 hours. Then I found Ritalin LA. It's not the magic bullet but it's the best that I have found so far. It costs me 10X generic but worth it."
Review of Kapvay: "My 7 year old son has severe ADHD, ODD, and anxiety. We started him on Vyvanse 20mg, Depakote twice a day, and Kapvay .1 in the evening last week. We were worried because he talked SO much like he was on speed, and ran around the house looking for paper, books, pens to write with and never sat still but he was very pleasant when we started the Vyvanse. However, he was Always saying I'm sorry for blurting, please, and thank you which was unheard of before starting the Vyvanse.  We were noticing around 4:00 the Vyvanse wearing off and the aggression and whining came back with a vengeance! We added another .1 mg Kapvay after school with his Depakote and the result was AMAZING. He is pleasant ALL day long."
Review of Strattera: "I'm a 47 yr old female. This medicine greatly improved my attention. I was able to complete tasks at work. Organize my work and home. The problem was that my heart would beat rapidly at night keeping me awake. I stopped taking it when my blood pressure increased significantly."
Review of Intuniv: "My son was 6 when diagnosed.  Adderall finally came to our rescue.  Eventually it did not work long enough, so we give him a wake-up dose of 5mg IR, an 8am XR dose, then a 3pm IR dose to help with aftercare and homework.  This has continued to work for 3 years.  We tried Intuniv because his ODD and impulsivity was leading to threats of suspending him from school.  After 2 days we realized his BP was lower (too low), but he didn't pass out.  After 2 weeks, his reacting to people was no longer on the calm side, he was emotional about everything, more impulsive and more defiant, not him at all.  We decided to take him off.  At least we can say that we tried, but it just did not work for my son, but it may for others."
Review of Adderall: "Helps me keep my attention in class,  but seems to make me keep grinding my teeth and move my jaw around.  A tick I guess."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My son ADHD sensory processing and now since putting him on strattera 10 mg diagnosed aspergers is off and on with strattera . I see improvement but after a few weeks psychiatrist out him on respirodone half of .25 . However , not sure what is working anymore ."
Review of Guanfacine: "The Actavis generic version of this medication was worse than useless, as all of the ADHD hyperactive subtype symptoms my son was experiencing returned within a week of switching to this from the Intuniv ER brand (daily 2mg dose), along with new and potentially dangerous side-effects.  His symptoms had been well-controlled for years prior to the insurance company insisting that we try a generic before they would continue to cover the cost of the brand."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Great"
Review of Bupropion: "After taking buproprion hcl XL 150mg a day I felt some relief from depression, anxiety and adhd. My MD thought I should see a psychiatrist and would not increase my dosage. I went online and found that the proper dosage for me should be 300 mg a day.  As a duplicate bridge player my performance went from last to an astounding first place finish yesterday. Listen to your doctor but do your own research."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Started off with Concerta in May 2012 it was not effective at all, switched over to Adderall XR 10mg in July 2012 for seven days as a starter dose, then started Adderall XR 20mg,  I noticed a considerable difference between the two medicines instantly. I am able to focus for a very long period of time without being distracted, my grades improved exceptionally, I went from receiving grades below 55% now my lowest grade is 83%. The benefits of this medicine do outweigh the side effects for me, I noticed 20 minutes after taking Adderall, I have increased bowel movements, lower libido and decreased appetite. I stop taking Adderall during breaks and long weekends, the first day not on it, I am extremely tired, exercising and eating healthy helps."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have realized after my child started taking Vyvanse, her grades improved dramatically! She is able to concentrate and pay attention to what is going on instead of being confused. This medication has been working great for her and we have not had to up the dosage. It was very scary at first, however, it turned out to be a great decision."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Today was my first day taking concerta. I am 19 and have pretty severe ADHD and a little anxiety that coincides with the ADHD. I took 36mg at 8:30 am and kicked in at 10. I definitely noticed it, I felt alert and energetic but not focused, and I still found myself pretty forgetful before leaving for work. By the end of work I felt really emotionless and had a head ache, and when I got home at 6 I began crying for no particular reason. After crying I felt much better and focused very well on school work. Now I feel happier but surprised by how much of a roller coaster the whole day was. Overall I'm not sure this is the medication for me, hoping this reaction is normal and it just takes some time to adjust."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have been taking daytrana since 2010 it works great but now I have partial heart failure and pulmonary hypertension. I didn't abuse the patch I took one 30mg patch a day! I'm 35 and now it doesn't work like it use to because of one side effect that it gave me so yes use with caution and don't use it everyday if you don't have to!"
Review of Strattera: "All it did was make me feel like a zombie. I personally don't recommend this drug, as it only makes you get nauseous and very tired, and causes insomnia."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My Don started taking Focalin and started to complain that he could not see the board at school. At first I figured well maybe he is just a kid who needs glasses. His prescription was very low. Now a year and a half later his principal from his school called me because he failed the state eye test with his glasses on he has a 20/50 vision. So I took him back to the doctor and they could not correct his vision with the strongest prescription. Everything is blurry and out of focus, he lost all peripheral vision on both eyes. The doctors first question was "What medication is he on?" So I advised him Focalin 10mg. He advised me to immediately go to the doctor who prescribed it because it is a severe side effect of Focalin. Grrrr"
Review of Guanfacine: "My son was just diagnosed adhd today. He's 5 and in kindergarten, and his problems are enough that his school almost kicked him out! He will be starting his medicine and working up to the 1mg dose after the week. I'm really excited, and hoping to see some lasting changes. If not his dr and I have already discussed uping the dosage, or switching him to stimulates. Hopefully I will be posting again soon. Also if it helps anyone at all, my son is covered under state insurance, and I had to pay no out of pocket expense for his medication."
Review of Atomoxetine: "great drug with few if any side effects.... especially in adults."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My 10-year son has ADHD (combined) and ODD. Focalin XR so far is the only medication that works on my son's inattentiveness. However, on 15 mg he was very moody and glassy eyed. Found out later that he was overmedicated. What I didn't like about Focalin was that he became very quiet almost Zombie like. Also, the medication did not last in his system long enough. He stopped takes Focalin XR over a year now and has been on Vyvanse (70mg.) I am considering putting him back on Focalin with a lower dose."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: " I Have Struggled with adhd for 10yrs an finally my doc did something about it:) However I did have sleeping problems for first few weeks but that was expected with it being a stimulant but after a month or so my sleeping is back to normal and my mind is not spinning out of control so THANKS DOC!  "
Review of Wellbutrin SR: "I have never been on medicines for ADD. My parents refused, as an adult I found life to be difficult with this disorder.  After taking Wellbutrin. Feel like my true self. Like a "normal" adult. I have focus and can complete tasks. I don't feel the need to stay in bed to avoid the world. This medicine has been a blessing."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS DRUG! I like many of you really from what I have read had a great experience AT FIRST. I am 26 years old and do sales for a living. I was on cloud nine towards the beginning trail of this prescription. I was able to concentrate more than I had in months and was more motivated to go out and look for new leads for my company. I found that I would get dizzy or a tab nauseous but I found that staying hydrated and always having a water bottle with me helped out. I developed a problem where I would know what I wanted to say but when I went to speak it didn't come out right and literally made me sound like I was high or drunk. VERY SCARY!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "This is the first ADD medication I have tried. In May started at 25mg 1x before bed and worked my way up to 80mg over a month. Initially, I had horrible headaches in the PM, so my Dr told me to take it in the AM; this made them disappear. I started a new research job in June and Strattera worked WONDERS helping me multitask as I moved from floor to floor. That being said, I felt like I lost my creativity, and it became difficult to hold a conversation with new coworkers/friends; I didn't feel myself. I stopped the meds in Aug to form better relationships as I adjusted to a new place. I just started at 80mg today and that was a mistake. Dizziness, chills, racing heart. It feels like taking Sudafed. Do not start this medication suddenly!"
Review of Vyvanse: "Wonderful drug. I have been on it for over six months and it has remained consistent. I used to be on Concerta, which was ok, but I felt as if it lost its potency. Vyvanse allows me to focus and maintain concentration. It also gives me a boost of energy. At times when I have missed a dose and left the house for the day I have felt tired and disinterested in the activities I was involved in. I have no side effects from it but I rarely have side effects to any drug. I have read that you are not supposed to have vitamin C while on it because it can interfere with the drug's ability to metabolize in one's system. I avoid vitamin C during the day and take some at night. Take it around 8 or 9 so you can sleep at night."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have been taking Concerta 54mg for 10 years now. In early 2002, I was put on Adderall 10mg. The first day of the 10mg, I came home from school and said, "I'm never taking this again." Twice I tried to pick a fight with my classmates. Concerta was like a miracle. I could focus on my work (instead of splitting my attention between my work and drawings or books or video games), and I didn't feel any major side effects. A couple years after starting it, the difference, minor at first, was remarkable between the days I would and would not take it. I've had increasing depression for the past 5 years, though, and I'm wondering if it's because of the Concerta..."
Review of Concerta: "I was late being diagnosed with ADHD, (late 40s) I was diagnosed Bipolar in 1992, but never felt this was the correct diagnosis as my meds never helped me with all the different thoughts going on in my head. As soon as I started concerta, I felt more relaxed, my concentration improved greatly and I could sleep peacefully without any benzodiazepines. I am currently (for over 4 years) on a dose of 72mg, it still is as effective as when I started and luckily I haven't any of the listed side effects. I think if anybody feels they have ADHD they should seek Psychiatric help to do the relevant tests."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have been taking adderall for quite some time but this month I went to CVS and got my normal 10mg, took them and felt NOTHING by the end of day I had taken 60mg, way more than normal and felt NOTHING but a headache. Got my dr to switch the script to 20mg went back and got a faded looking orange pill with U30 on it, first of all it was all crumbly then it was BITTER instead of the normal sweet taste, I have taken 60mg again and I'm about to fall asleep!!! CVS must know they are selling rubbish!!! Next month I won't fill unless I make sure its not from these people!!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was diagnosed with ADHD in 06 and I found out in order to have ADHD as an adult you had to have it as a child so I look back on my childhood in Real Life 4 did have ADHD as kid but never got treatment for it because my mom didn't believe any mental illness so I didn't start treatment with the ADHD until 2006 I was placed on Ritalin but I found it to be ineffective and then I stopped treatment and I started treatment up again a few months ago and I was giving our all and I found it to be very effective working but with 2 major side effect keeps me awake and constipation , but outside of those two it works wonderfully."
Review of Zenzedi: "I was on zenzedi for about 6 months. I loved it! I have only tried Ritalin for my ADD and it made me psychotic, and once I stopped taking it I was too scared to take anything else. Well 10 years later, and sick of my ADD, I was prescribed this medication and it worked! I also had no beginning side effects.  The only complaint I have is how quickly it wore off, but it could be my own metabolism and anyone else could be different. However, due to my new insurance I am switching to Adderall XR, I'll write an comparison opinion when I begin taking it."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "LOVE IT. I took Strattera for 4 yrs but switched because of terrible nausea and anxiety. The first 3 months I had terrible migraines, lack of appitite & trouble sleeping. Keep taking it daily to give body time to adjust. No side effects now and huge HUGE improvement in work, concentration and motivation."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Many doctors seem to be convinced that if you have an AD disorder, you simply can't get high on stimulant medications. This is NOT the case at all.First off,  stimulant medications in general work well... very very well. The first day I took adderall I was at school. About an hour after I took my dose of 20mgs I started to feel this awake, alert, energetic feeling inside. I liked, a lot. For the next 5 hours all of my boring subjects became very interesting and I became a very social person. After about a month, those effects started to go away. I went to the doc and asked for a dose increase. Without any hesitation, he DOUBLED my dose to 40mg. I quickly found my self abusing adderall. 1 year later and I'm now in rehab for drug abuse."
Review of Desoxyn: "The cadilac of ADD medications! Little to no side effects. Only one that truly helped me."
Review of Bupropion: "Well, not sure if everyone follows the take on ADHD 7-types, but my girlfriend pretty much says that the traits for the "over-focused" type is me to a "T".  Worrier, resistant to change, hyper-focused, impulsive, forgetful, etc.  Doctor originally thought GAD - so treated with Effexor, Cipralex, Imipramine and then Cymbalta.  Cymbalta made things so worse.  Psychiatrist caught the ADHD and prescribed Wellbutrin.  HUGE difference. I see it, friends see it...and my psych is really pleased with the change and turn-around. May not be for everyone..and give it several weeks if you try. Oh - some pluses...no impact on the libido (maybe even increased)...and a bit of appetite suppression (hey, two side-effects most could live with!)"
Review of Daytrana: "Love the results we're getting, but now we have side effects - severe side effects.  Just found out by coming to this site that it can cause seizures, which is what we are going through now.  My son had a seizure last night, but the ER doctor told us that there's been no reports of it causing seizures...hmmm...interesting."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was recently prescribed generic form of Ritalin for Aspergers/lack of focus issues. I am in my low 40s and used Meth recreationally for years, although I gave that up thankfully, a while back.  This is the third pill I have taken and I assure you, the effects of this drug mimic, in many ways, taking a moderate amount of Meth, although not as strong. However, I realize that it affects different people, different ways based on their chemistry. I am not sure I will take it all the time but it does give me energy and new focus, I was lacking. I can see how this drug could be addictive to some people. But it is extremely expensive."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My daughter just turned 7 years old and we started her on Vyvanse about 2 months ago as she was diagnosed with ADHD. After two months (this week) I called the doctor and stopped the medication as she has lost so much weight from not eating, and was sleeping ALL THE TIME! My daughter never took naps and would wake up at 6:30 a.m. religiously every morning on her own, but after we started her on the medicine, she falls asleep standing up and cannot wake her up in the mornings. We fight just to get her to eat things she likes and to no prevail. I know it might not be the medicine for her and in fact I am going to try a Non-Stimulant ADHD medication before we stop these medicines over all. "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My name is Sydney and I'm 17 junior in high school. I started Vyvnase in Feb. this year. I started out on 30 mg, then went up every ten mg and now im prescribed 60mg.In the first week I was using Vyvanse I noticed a huge difference in everything. I could focus so much more on every thing. Comparing my 1st semester and 2nd semester of high school last year, I had an F and failed one class and had mostly B's and C's. My second semester of last school year when I started taking the Vyvanse my grades increased amazingly. Almost all A's and B's. Since I suffer from ADD, Vyvanse has made such a great impact on my life."
Review of Adderall XR: "It helps keep me calm and focused at work. I do suffer insomnia if I don't take my daily dose consistently. I tried to stop taking it and my metabolism took a severe nose dive even though I never had weight problems before. I did lose about ten pounds when I started taking it but it leveled off and I was able to maintain a healthy weight. I would have liked to try a more natural approach to managing my ADD but the weight gain has added depression and therefore I'm back on it."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 21 yrs old and work and am a full time nursing student. This medication has affected my personality. I am usually a bright bubbly person and don't take anything too personal. After a week of this medicine (40 mg) I noticed I'm snapping at people over absolutely nothing. I feel like I've become bipolar, one moment I'll  be beyond happy and focused, the next irritated, then angry. Then crying over nothing. I've become mouthy to my instructors and don't like long conversations anymore. People seem to irritate me and there's only a few that I can stand being around for a long period of time. I've already made mean remarks to some of my fellow students, which isn't me at ALL. Maybe this medication isn't for everyone."
Review of Focalin XR: "I got diagnosed with ADHD and this is my first medicine. It helps me focus but the side effects make me miserable. I'm starving right now but I don't want to eat and my throat is dry. I can't sleep and this side effect makes it worse because I have asthma and severe allergies so I can't sleep and I have twitches bad. I twitch my left shoulder blade a lot now and sometimes it wont stop."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I found it helpful to keep me focused I take 30 mg x 2 daily. After 3 years of taking it, I  don't believe it works anymore.  I  lose concentration and I am tired a lot. Age 59."
Review of Guanfacine: "The first few days on 1 mg in the morning, he was so tired in the afternoon, but by the 5th day he was doing better.  At 2 mg, it started over but never faded.  After 3 weeks, the Dr. suggested taking it at night, but it was no better.  He would fall asleep on his desk after lunch, in the car or on the cough after school, and just completely lost his personality.  He was calm, and could focus better, but he never laughed, was never silly, barely played, it was awful.  We tried going back to 1 mg but had more trouble focusing again, so we tried 1mg in the morning and 1 in the evening.  But he was still a little zombie.  SO we gave up.  I'd rather have him bouncing off the walls than too tired to laugh and play."
Review of Strattera: "I've been on this medicine (80mg) for about a year now.  Every time I go off of it or forget to take it for whatever reason, I have the same side effects when I start up again: severe nausea and dizziness, to the point where I have to lay down for up to an hour at a time.  However, those pale in comparison to the benefits: I can focus, complete both small tasks and big projects, read and comprehend material more easily, and am infinitely more relaxed and less anxious.  I've also been in recovery for a food addiction for the past three years and it's helped tremendously with the compulsive thoughts about food.  Unfortunately I'm now noticing that the benefits seem to be wearing off, and I'm considering either upping my dosage or switching medicines."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been taking this medicine since i was in the 6th grade! I am now 22 years old. This medicine made me feel like i could actually sit in class with out falling asleep or not being able to concentrate. It's a great feeling to actually get everything done. Yes it does cause dry mouth and you may not eat like you used to. However you have to make yourself eat something other wise you can cause your blood sugar to drop witch would cause headach and nausea. With time you do get used to the medicine and you will get your appitite back. I'm on 50mg. On days i dont take it im like a walking zombie i dont feel like doing anything i cant concentrate and i will most likely eat all day long. I'm more activie when i do take it! I love it !"
Review of Concerta: "I was diagnosed with ADHD and I have been on several different medicines and all they did was make it worse and made me feel more angry and just want to stay by myself at all times. I hated everyone and everything. I couldn't go anywhere because I would get panic attacks. I couldn't complete tasks.  I was nothing but miserable. I was put on Concerta, and I am nothing but amazed how much different I feel and what I can do. I communicate with people, even people I pass in the stores. I complete every task I start. I enjoy being a mom, wife, and a grandmother. Most of all, I Love My Life! Thank You Concerta!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "ADD is NOT a made up condition. I'm 26.  Without Adderall/Vyvanse, i have no mental energy or focus to do anything. And it has been this way my entire life. School has gone from being an F and D student to being an A and B student. It has nothing to do with "being lazy" and everything to do with having a real chemical imbalance in the brain. Anyways, have been full time for 2 years until 7 weeks ago I convinced myself it wasn't working anymore and I didn't need it. Big mistake! I am ready to start up again next week. I can feel the old me come back, the me I hated. If you truly have ADD/ADHD, this will change your life for the better. Some negatives are sleeping less, decreased apatite, and often weak erections on it (despite high libido)"
Review of Adderall XR: "Amazing."
Review of Adzenys XR-ODT: "I'm on day 2 of adzenys.I like that I take it once.  But the texture is gritty once dissolved. It's a dissolvable pill so what do you expect? I do experience dry mouth and slight decrease in appetite but it's nothing serious. My doctor started me on a pediatric dose of 6.3 milligrams once a day. Another problem I see is that I'm having a hard time falling asleep. It could be because I take the medication around 11 o'clock in the morning but that's the time I get up. So it's honestly too early for me to tell.we will see once I get a routine going and school starts again."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have been taking this medicine for over 6 years now. I was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of nine (now 24) and have taken numerous other ADHD meds. I feel out of all of them Concerta has been the most successful. I do however feel it makes me zone out and am quiet at times. Most think something is wrong with me but I feel it's the medication. I am typically chatty and friendly most times. It tends to happen when I'm one on one with people rather than a group setting."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "My focus and energy increased immensely. I did a 4 to 6 page research final paper in 3 days. I finally can focus on tasks and not spend hours and hours on one task because I dosed off and daydream. I also did a 13 page AP English within 9 days. I'm glad I decided to take Adderall XR at the end of high school and now I will be taking it while I'm in college. Is it a cognitive enhancer which is said a lot ABSOLUTELY NOT. It doesn't make you smarter, it doesn't improve your thinking, and it doesn't improve your memory. It just do what its suppose to do and helps you focus. The bad thing is that it is hard to sleep."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was prescribed 50 mg. 1st day I could literally feel the release of the medication. During the lag of the release I would get headaches, become tired, irritable and frustrated with every situation and conversation. By evening time I couldn't carry a conversation without forgetting prior known facts. Saturday ,I was completely not myself. On top of how I felt Friday I was emotional, had down thoughts, I couldn't follow a time line: I was late for everything. Sunday seemed to be better but not by much. Monday..horrible it was like I added Friday and Saturday symptoms together then add in horrible chest pain, shortness of breath, constant feeling of about to faint, fever, flu symptoms, hot/cold, exhausted but not able to sleep, & more symptoms. I refuse to take another dose"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I had clinical depression/anxiety for years. Worsened terribly after having 1st baby at 33. I was extremely fatigued, couldn't start or finish easy tasks, totally overwhelmed, cried constantly - major post-partum depression. Was prescribed Adderall, Wellbutrin and Zoloft. Been on all 3 for 1 year and am a completely new person. Adderall doesn't exacerbate my anxiety; in fact, I am less anxious because I can concentrate and don't feel exhausted, inadequate and unhappy. Might not work for all, but this combination is perfect for me. Upped blood pressure a bit, but still in normal range and monitored. Use with care with dose at start. I cut pills and take a bit at a time, always in the morning and only when needed during the rest of the day and never more than prescribed. I feel this lessens risk of dependency."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am practically out of all options for ADHD medications due to side effects. Vyvanse has proven to be really effective for helping my ADHD. The focus I have is great & allows me to "see" what must be done instead and actually do it! I also have Body Dysmorphia Disorder which has paralyzed me from being able to go out of the house. My providers have been trying to get me to get out of the house for years! Unexpectedly, Vyvanse has practically eliminated my BDD & fear to be outdoors! For example, in any given week I might go outside once, if that. I can barely stand 1 hour of being out. Now with Vyvanse, I have gotten my life back. I didn't try. One day I went outside & just stayed! Now, I'm always outside doing lots of things for hours!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "Very stable medicine in the sense of little personality change and no physical side effects other than loss of appetite in the first week. I am 58 years and believe this medicine is the first ADD medication that I have noticed is truly effective.  It has helped my concentration and increased the length of time I work without any distractions.  As some others have commented, some "passion" has been removed as a trade-off in of efficiency in work and a greater degree of focus.  I think my sense of humor has somewhat diminished and everything is more important in some ways and seriousness has replaced my having fun nature.  I believe on the whole it has made a positive improvement in the way I function."
Review of Guanfacine: "Ours 8 year old son as done so much better with the Intuniv.  He takes 2 mg, at night.  I see posts on the cost, check a Canadian pharmacy.  We only pay $450 for 90 days, brand.  Otherwise, would be $900 here in the states.  You fax your prescription and they mail you 3 month supply.  No  side effects for us."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 7 year old son was recently diagnosed as ADHD and I was really hesitant to put him on medicines but when I took him to the doctor she said yes no doubt he had ADHD so they put him on Vyvanse at 30 mg. The first day and I was ready to cry myself. It was like he had eaten a whole gallon of ice cream he could not stop talking and did not sleep the first 2 nights, but I am really happy with the outcome. He is so much better. I can hear my thoughts now so I am a believer in the medicines it worked for him."
Review of Pemoline: "Wish it was still available.  I miss being able to function like a 'normal' adult.  Dexedrine, Ritalin, Adderall, Concerta, Strattera, Wellbutrin - none of these worked.  some lessened appetite, some turned me into a zombie.  Cylert worked - yes some side effects, mainly tourettes-like, but in order to function normally?  I'll gladly cluck like a chicken randomly to concentrate (that was my side effect). Life without is  back to my reality - oh, look, a doorknob.  I wonder how it works?  I bet it's some sort of cam mechanism that operates via - oh, look, a wireless transceiver, I wonder if it is in the 2.4 Ghz spectrum or if it is -  oh look, a wireless mouse, I wonder if it operates via bluetooth or is on the same 2.4 Ghz spectrum as the - oh look......."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "my doctor gave me adderall because i cant sit still long enough to concentrate and study and do productive things at work. He gave me 10mg to take twice a day but i didn't feel any effects from the drug. I decided to take 2 10mg at the same time and still nothing. I am so sad right now because all i want to do is concentrate and study and do my job with concentration. I was really excited to take these pill but now am dissapointed. I think I am one of those people who are resistant to stimulant medication"
Review of Atomoxetine: "I am a 37yr woman diagnosed with ADHD. 1st try with Ritalin made me feel overwhelmed, sad, uncontrollable spurts of crying for no reason, tired. Dr. switched me to Straterra. It's only my fist week, but had to share. Ok, 1st the "bad": mild headache, SUPER DRY mouth, hot and sweaty, weird tingly sensation that comes in waves. Feels like my hair on my arms and head is crawling and tingly and cool for a few seconds and goes away. Clenching my jaw. No noticable improvement with racing thoughts or concentration as of yet. Now the "good": This pill should be called "Lady Viagra", lol! That cool, tingly, hair crawling sensation is AMAZING when being intimate. Everything is more intense and indescribably WONDERFUL...and I have been married 10yrs!"
Review of Adderall: "This medicine is amazing. I used to ALWAYS be the last one to turn in tests in High School. Now I take one in the morning and in about an hour feel like I am my true self. With it I can process information clearly, easily, and very efficiently. Now I have no problems with writing essays, answering in-depth questions, second-guessing myself. I even found that I am a lot more confident with many things (ranging from presentations to girls). I also take much better care of myself throughout the day except when it comes to eating for I do experience the loss in appetite. To describe it, it is almost like an auto tune-up program except for your brain! Adderall is absolutely great for me!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 29 years old and was diagnosed with ADD when I was about 11 years old. Since that time I've been on and off a variety of medications from Ritalin, Adderall, and most recently Vyvanse which I've been on for a year and am currently taking 70mg a day. It helps with my alertness and attentiveness, but I have some of the side effects like extremely dry mouth and little if any appetite. I am currently working during the day and take graduate classes at night and notice that the medication does not last the entire 12 hours, I've been taking it later in the day so that I'm able to concentrate in class. Since I began taking the medication I have seen an increase in acne, previously I had minor occasional breakouts."
Review of Nuvigil: "I GOT A 30 DAY SUPPLY OF 150 MG FOR FREE!!!  It would have been $500 as I have no insurance. But my doc gave me a Nuvigil Savings Card!! Plus I get refills for $5! Can't believe my luck!  So, please ask your doc for a card or coupon. It's good for both insured and uninsured. This promotion expires at the end of the year though. Not sure if they'll offer it in 2015.  I've only been on it for two days but the results have been fantastic. I switched to this from Adderall, which gave me energy and made me more social but made me jittery and did not help with my concentration or organization. Nuvigil helps me stay focused, motivated and clear headed throughout the day."
Review of Kapvay: "I have a 8 year old son with ADHD. He is extremely hyper and unable to focus, school and friends became a true nightmare. We see a wonderful and highly respected psychiatrist. He is very knowledgeable on ADHD medicines. I was told when their is an emotional factor to the ADHD, Clonidine is the best medication for this. We tried Clonidine after MANY stimulants and non-stimulants also anti-psychotics. Clonidine 1.0 mg 2x a day this was the only medicine that we saw immediate results with. The only side effect was the tiredness, which did go away. I started him on the Kapavy 2 weeks ago. This medicine is a true GOD send. He is calm, focused, and far less emotional. We can't say enough great things. Please give this medicine a try."
Review of Adderall: "Hyper focused, dry mouth. Both this and Straterra put me into state of manic. Used Depakote 750mg for mental balance. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "my 8 year old DAUGHTER is on ritalin at the moment we find she is getting migrane headaches, she hast lost 3kgs due to lack of appetite and she is very emotonal coming off it and she doesnt sleep much. On the other side of things she has shown a large improvement at school with her concerntration going from the bottom of the class to the top of the class in just 3 months"
Review of Intuniv: "My 12 year old daughter was on Vyvanse and had great success with it, but after the end of the school year the doctor and I decided to switch to something else during the summer. After 5 days on Intuniv at 1 mg she was lethargic, cranky and feeling downright gloomy. I also noticed she was starting to stutter. We discontinued the Intuniv immediately."
Review of Nuvigil: "After a few days on Nuvigil (after experiencing Provigil) I found it to be excellent for my ADHD.  Provigil made me feel anxious all day to the point I could not run or workout in comfort.  The first day on Nuvigil was the only day I had this feeling.  The side effects for me are dry mouth and suppressed appetite.  It is so nice to be focused.  The worst effect was muscle weakness! I went from running 7 miles to not being about to run more then 7 minutes. "
Review of Dyanavel XR: "Dyanavel was a great for my son, much better than the Vyvance and it lasted the whole day.  Best part free for two months than $20 dollars there after!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "This medication saved my life! Better than any anti-depressant I've ever tried (and I've tried A LOT). Currently on it to help with my ADHD and Manic Depression (Bipolar 2)Side effects are small and definitely worth it (to me, at least). Dry mouth and decrease in appetite.I've also lost 40 pounds since I've been on it (Went from 182 pounds to *currently* 142 pounds)"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am 13 years old and was diagnosed when I was in kindergarten. I started taking medicine when I was in 1st grade. I started to use Daytrana when I was in 4th grade. Only my close friends and family knew I had ADHD. I was so embarrassed and was made fun of all the time. I was on 15mg but for the past couple of months I switched to 10mg. It works great and I recommend it to others. The patch you just stick on your hip and take it off after 9 hours. Sometimes I forget to take it off and can't sleep at all and if I don't take it I will bounce off the walls and I will eat so much that I either throw up or be very sick. When I do take it I feel like a normal person. It is hard to get the backing off sometimes but if you are careful it comes off."
Review of Daytrana: "My 6 year old daughter was put on Daytrana about 8 months after trying Vyvanse and Strattera without success. We had immediate results. She was focused and even her handwriting improved. The patch did leave a red mark that I found Eucerin cream was good for. Here is the but: She developed a tic.  Don't let this discourage you. I know of others on Daytrana who have been taking it for over a year with no tics. It really worked great."
Review of Focalin XR: "Patient has had diarrhea at times since beginning this medicine nearly a year ago."
Review of Methylphenidate: " I have been using Concerta for many years. It has helped so much, but the only downside to it is it makes me lose weight. I went off of my meds for about three months and gained 50 pounds. This was because I had the habit of eating whatever I want whenever I want and not gain any weight. I was an A  student and as soon as I went off my meds I was getting Fs in all of my classes. I then went back on my meds and within three weeks of me being back on concerta, I lost all of the weight I had gained(because I had to make the habit of not eating so much within those three months), I raised some of my grades to As and some to Ds. I still passed 7th grade because of my circumstance.I have ADD, ADHD, and Cerebral Paulsey."
Review of Adderall: "I have ADHD and have been taking Adderall for 5 years now. I take 30mg in the morning and sometimes a 10mg in the afternoon. It helps me to focus in school and get better grades. I have gotten to the point where I will not even go to school without it."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This medicine has helped my son be able to control his impulse decisions and helped him be able to go to school and do homework."
Review of Adzenys XR-ODT: "I did not find this medication to be effective. I approximately 3 hours of sustained attention .My energy depletes throughout the day. I do not like the gritted texture nor taste. I will not continue this medication."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "After being switched from Vyvanse Capsules to Dextroamphetamine tablets, I can respire better."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I started taking strattera at 25mg. The first week was crazy I felt like I could do anything. I had so much time on my hands and accomplished so much. I no longer had to fight with myself to wake up. I had so much energy and "the foggy" feeling was gone. I could focus and what I had to do do it and then move on to the next. It was wonderful. The only side effect I had was insomnia but that went a way after the first week and it was easily resolved with some meditation. After that I started to settle in because I was getting used to it the feelings were dying down. I missed the sense of euphoria the first week had brought but I was still plenty productive and over all my social relationships ad improved. After 3 months I am starting 40mg."
Review of Adderall XR: "I am a 23 year old male 175lbs, on Adderall 20mg XR. Great tool. Motivation and self-esteem awesome boost. Focused and better moods. Persistent anxiety lessened. Some grogginess but manageable so long as you eat appropriately. Minor loss of appetite.  Been on Strattera and Lexapro in past, no comparability to Adderall XR!  Absolutely recommend to others and parents."
Review of Adderall: "Keeps you focused. However when it wears off I can't sleep till 6 hours later."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Have gone from Adderall to Vyvanse to Dextroamphetamine IR and after 6 months on this, I can say it is by far the best. Same cost as the generic for the same quantity with my insurance and I like the higher dosages since I take 40mg/day. It has the consistency of Vyvanse with the duration of IR tablets."
Review of Vyvanse: "After trying Ritalin, Concerta, Adderall. This medicine changed everything. I am organized and focused for first time in my life, I'm 38. Only draw back is it last about 6 hours for me not 12. But 6 productive hours, actually finishing things is better than I've ever had!"
Review of Guanfacine: "Good experience, it has worked well for my son for about 2 months now.. For some that say they can no longer afford because of insurance. Some places sell generic for under 10$ a month"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son is 14 and has always been super sensitive to these meds- he was diagnosed at 6 ADHD. We started with concerta- he lost 11 lbs in 5 weeks. We switched to a slow release methylphenidate.  At Christmas, it was felt that maybe he needed something different- his last increase didn't seem to be helping. That's when we started vyvanse. I have seriously mixed feelings about this drug. There is some control of the hyperactivity component but he's grouchier, more argumentative and not really more productive. Is it age and adolescence?"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I used to take a high dosage time release tablet of another drug. If I took it when I woke up, say 8 o'clock, I would inevitably go through an anxious and depressing period everyday around 5pm. My psychiatrist prescribed me Adderall Xr and Adderall to see if I wouldn't go through this down period. I am so much happier now. Adderall permits me to be focused, less impulsive, and organized while lessening up the side effects, which I got with the other drug. I have an appetite, but am not an impulsive eater. "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "26 y/o female who was diagnosed with ADHD at 15. My parents chose not to treat it with medication. As an adult in college- I got made fun of in good humor by friends about how much I studied. I couldn't concentrate, remember, mind wander and jump to something else & hyper. Tried Adderall instant and XR. My husband said both made me mean and irritable. Plus I lost 10 pounds before our wedding (already underweight). It increased my anxiety, I hated it. My psychiatrist switched me to Vyvanse 30mg. Wow! No mood swings, no appetite changes, can concentrate, less anxiety because it evens me out.  I feel alive and normal!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "Taking it for adult ADHD and it doesn't work.  Still focus in my classes, no appetite and very moody, coupled with insomnia.  "
Review of Adderall XR: "I'm an 18 year old girl and I have ADD along with Bipolar/Schizoaffective. Because I have psychotic symptoms, the highest dose of Adderall I can take is 30mg. My problem is, it doesn't keep me focused more then 3 hours or so because the dose is low and even though it's a low dose, I can't seem to eat at all. I've been struggling with my weight for a while due to hyperthyroidism. I'm 5'00 and 89-95 lbs. my goal weight is 100. I can't afford to lose more weight. The risks are outweighing the very minimal benefits."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I have taken a number of ADHD medications starting around 6th or 7th grade to help with school.  I tried Vyvanse, Concerta, Ritalin, and Focalin.  Focalin by far has been my favorite. When on Focalin I could crank out work and was very effective.  While many people complain about the lack of hunger you feel, this was almost a plus to me because it gave me one less thing to distract me.  The only negative that I experienced was sometimes feeling detached, lonely, or on the verge of tears.  They were not severe but did occur.  I still loved this brand the most of all of the brands I had tried but unfortunately, our insurance stopped covering Focalin and I switched back to Ritalin which is where I am at now."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have severe ADHD . For a while I didn't know what was wrong with me, constantly day dreaming,lazy, unorganized, acting impulsively and very hyper. The medicine has changed my life. All these symptoms are gone except I'm still a bit hyper and impulsive but only slightly. It does exactly what it says on the tin and changed my life dramatically. I could actually focus. Bad things would be if you are sensitive to stimulants like coffee. It will make you jittery, it gives you a slight mood and energy boost. I'd recommend taking it in small doses first. "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Makes me sleep, diarrhea. And dissolves in my mouth"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 6 yr old son has been on 20mg of Vyvanse for the past month and a half. I was so reluctant to start him on any type of medicine, but his inability to focus, keep his hands to himself, stay in his seat at school, etc., was affecting the learning of his classmates and causing him to have a hard time making friends. I saw a difference in him (and his teacher did, too), immediately after the 1st dose, he was able to focus, was making friends, etc. I have decided to try him on something different because he's losing weight and he's not the happy, sweet boy that I know he is. He's moody, he gets upset extremely easily, he's grumpy, and is SUPER serious about everything, he finds nothing funny. Its definitely altered his personality, even off the meds."
Review of Concerta: "Doctor started me on 27 took that for 3 weeks for severe ADHD and it lost its effect so I was put up to 54 mg and amazing changes I get work done fast and I am motivated only problem is Crash is pretty awful for me, I get really sick to the stomach and drowsy. For the sick stomach I just use ginger but drowsyness can't do anything"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "We switched on the advice of the then new ADHD therapist.  It took longer to "kick in" and build up than other meds we tried but it has been a God send.  His grades are WAY up and he's not as hot or cold as he used to be.  My only issues are he won't eat while on it...not even a tiny bite.  Dr is keeping an eye on the weight.  Also, to me, he's not himself.  I don't like the flatness because his personality is so big!  At least it wears off!"
Review of Vyvanse: "First - diagnosis is mild ADHD. 11 years old. 50mg. Our experience with my son and vyvanse. He was on this medication for approximately 9 months. For the first few weeks, he was sort of hyperfocused and had difficulty with transitioning from a task if he was fixated on it. He transitioned well to middle school and achieved great grades. However, he lost a lot of weight. About 15lbs. He had horrible insomnia. He slowly became very emotional and depressed in the afternoons and evenings. We decided to stop the medication. Within weeks he was back to himself and his doctor advised him to stay off the medication."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was diagnosed a few months ago (I'm 19) with ADD. The first--any only-- medicine I have tried thus far is Concerta (27 and 36mg). Not only has my ADD not gotten any better, but I feel I have anxiety, mood swings, restlessness, and insomnia. I've used it for several weeks, adjusted my dose, and minimized any external stress and it's not any better."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Makes me super depressed unmotivated and unable to enjoy anything. Does increase attention span at the cost of not wanting to do anything."
Review of Adderall: "It works but I think it might be the effect from having extra energy so you do more things.  It definitely helps with motivation and depression.  Ironically it got rid of my anxiety as well."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse has been amazing for me. I used to take Adderall, which made me moody, self-conscious, unhappy with myself and life, and far from  my true personality. I now take 70 mg Vyvanse and it has worked miracles. I feel I am my true self but with controlled ADHD symptoms. Now, when I need to concentrate, I am now able to thanks to Vyvanse."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 9 y/o daughter was taking this. Started on a 30 MG dose then we kept moving up to 50. The 50 only seemed to make her aggressive at home with her sister and acting odd. Her school also commented that she has not change AT ALL even with the increase in dosage. This is the first ADD medication we have taken so maybe its not the one for her but, frustrating never the less."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Ritalin helps tremendously with ADHD and depression. I have to keep strict to my schedule or I will slip.  It also makes me insomniatic sometimes, especially if I consume more than one cup of coffee per morning."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I do not like taking medicine but had extreme anxiety and trouble paying attention before.  I wish I took this before been a few days and more so much more focused.  I haven't misplaced phone or car keys"
Review of Methylphenidate: "Okay I wanted to comment on this in case people are looking to put their kids on it, I am 18 years old, diagnosed with ADD in 4th grade, I didn't take my meds until 10th grade when I wasn't going to make it through high school. The first meds they put me on were 36mg Concerta, yes it worked and made me focus BUT! I have never been more ANGRY AND MAD AND DEPRESSED in my life, it was absolutely horrible. I am now on Vyvanse 50mg and graduated high school and got a 4.0 GPA in my first semester of college."
Review of Strattera: "It makes you sick, doesn't work, impossible to eat when you're on it, and makes you tired.  "
Review of Strattera: "unbelievably bad ,seems to exaggerate  all of my adhd problems 4 fold . i started on 40 mg even though im 91kg in weight and ive read up and they say it should be a mg per kg . so im guessing my doc was cautious , not a bad thing.So i went to 60 mg things didnt change i was wanking 4 times a day and sleeping only 3-5 hours a night and hardly eating a thing .i cant be arsed typing any more"
Review of Methylphenidate: "After a diagnosis of ADHD, ODD and RAD the psychiatrist prescribed Concerta. So far after 1 week of use, the hyperactivity, aggression, and zoning out has either stopped or come to minimal.  The side affects seem to be weight gain and loss of appetite."
Review of Focalin: "It is essentially the only medicine that has been prescribed for me for ADD, so I cannot compare it to others.  However, I feel it is very effective.  I have found greater success varying the strength over time rather than staying with a single dosage level."
Review of Intuniv: "I must say I have been through a lot of medicines. Wasted money but most of all watching my kid struggle with his high anxiety and his inability to focus or sit down. He now focus better in school and his teacher describes him as on task now and takes time to ask her questions if needed. I had a lot of nights crying thinking I was a bad mother! I would lose control and not be able to handle his constant stubbornness and defiance he is a beautiful energetic boy with an amazing personality but just needed to be taken down a few notches. This has done the trick. I started off on 1 mg and did not seem to do to much and after three months decided to move to 2. I tried all natural nothing worked. Good luck."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been taking Vyvanse for a couple of months now for my ADHD and BED, 40 mg seems to work fine with minimal side effects. My doctor recommended that I only take it on work days and give my system a break on weekends. However, I noticed that my binge eating has gotten way out of control on days that I don't take it, to make up for the loss of appetite during the week I guess. I mean, I eat constantly!  Is anyone else having this problem?"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Been on this for 20   years for my ADHD. It's the only thing that helped a few others would work for abut 2 weeks then nothing. This has worked great all these years. Like w most meds you have to find the right dosage. They tried to switch me to the XR capsules but with my stomach and fast metabolism  they broke down all at once . If you feel Anticy or grind your teeth or can't control your concentration your probably taking to much or the wrong type. I find the dextro salts to be less powerful. I strongly recommend trying to get the tablets salts or not and skipping them or taking the least u can get away with.  So you don't build up a tolerence which happens fast and u can break them in  half."
Review of Vyvanse: "Amazing medication! My teenager has severe ADHD, and it has turned her life around! She is able to be her true self, but before her severe ADHD often overshadowed her great personality. She does have depression and anxiety but the Vyvanse does not cause that. The medicine did make her lose almost 25 pounds, and she was in 9th grade and she weighed 99 pounds. She was really small, and we almost had to take her off the medicine, but she eventually started gaining weight. She is still very small, but her weight is healthy. It does make her a bit more irritable, but it's nothing compared to the rage she had before the medicine. Vyvanse has finally been able to get rid of that ADHD, and help her think clearly, and be herself!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been taking Ritalin (extended release) at 20mg for almost a year now. I take it for ADHD. (I also have bipolar disorder type I.) This medicationdoesn't help with me when it comes to being hyper and full of energy allthe time, but it does help with concentration. The only side effect I haveexperienced so far is loss of appetite, but not significantly."
Review of Methylin ER: "I was prescribed this for ADHD that was along with bipolar disorder.  I didnt take it at first cause I was scared because I have a history of substance abuse. Finally I decided to give it a try.  The first day I took it there was a HUGE difference.  I was not as irritable as usual.  The "chatter" in my head quietened.  I was able to focus better on a few tasks.  I felt a little bit more confident than usual.  So far, I haven't had any bad things to say. I have ECT once a month which helps a little bit with my depression and bipolar, but this medication seems to do more good than any of that stuff. "
Review of Zenzedi: "Have gone from Adderall to Vyvanse to Dextroamphetamine IR and after 6 months on this, I can say it is by far the best. Same cost as the generic for the same quantity with my insurance and I like the higher dosages since I take 40mg/day. It has the consistency of Vyvanse with the duration of IR tablets."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Hi everyone. I am 25 years old married with a 6 month old son. I was diagnosed with severe ADHD at the age of about 10...I'm talking horrible behavior, bad grades, constant moving, etc. my mother told the doctors no medicine at that age. Then around 12 my mother caved in and gave me the adderall, I hated bc of the instant side effects for me.  I continued to take it until about 14 and I made a 100% improvement.  At 14 I learned to cope with the ADHD on my own. But now 11 years later in the real world with many stresses, my ADHD had gotten worse then ever, to the point that my wife wanted to leave me because she couldn't handle it.  I got my prescription back and my life is amazing.. 30mg IR 3x a day 1 in a.m 1 after lunch 1 on way home from work."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm 21 and I've been taking 72mg (two 36mg barrels) a day since I was about 17. Concerta changed my life. I was failing school and no matter how hard I tried, it didn't change anything. I became depressed, slept for 14+ hours a day, I gave up. Then I was prescribed and it changed my life. It keeps me focused, motivated, and energized. Though, the side effects are very real. I don't sleep much, which is why I usually don't take it on weekends to catch up on sleep. It kills my appetite, so I eat a big breakfast before I take it in the mornings. It does elevate my anxiety, and not saying it's something I suggest.. but I smoke cigarettes to help that. Oh, and I don't know if this is common or not.. But it keeps my digestive track regular!"
Review of Strattera: "I am an adult in my late 30's. I have taken this drug off and on for the last year and a half, because my medical doesn't cover it and it is very expensive for me. When I was given samples, my family can see the difference in my thoughts and organization."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was recently diagnosed with ADHD and I was first prescribed Concerta. Since Concerta is part instant release and part extended release it starts working extremely quick, within 15-30 minutes, which was nice because there was no need to time things out when taking the medication. Unfortunately, Concerta starts working immediately and also stops working immediately which for me led a horrific crash. I was irritable and angry after the medication wore off. Due to this my doctor switched me to Vyvanse. Vyvanse is a prodrug which means the actual drug inside the capsule is not therapeutically helpful until it gets broken down in the body. This allows for a nice steady come up and no crash when the medication is eventually excreted."
Review of Guanfacine: "My son (6yrs) is on Focalin in the morning and Tenex in the late afternoon. They have put him on it twice and was the same way both times. He was bouncing off the walls, pulling his hair out, very very smart but. He had an answer for everything and everybody. It was a complete disaster. We could not go anywhere and do anything. He had awful fits. We now take Focalin 20 in morning and Focalin  5 in the afternoon. I'm not so sure that's working either."
Review of Adderall XR: "Started off with Concerta in May 2012 it was not effective at all, switched over to Adderall XR 10mg in July 2012 for seven days as a starter dose, then started Adderall XR 20mg,  I noticed a considerable difference between the two medicines instantly. I am able to focus for a very long period of time without being distracted, my grades improved exceptionally, I went from receiving grades below 55% now my lowest grade is 83%. The benefits of this medicine do outweigh the side effects for me, I noticed 20 minutes after taking Adderall, I have increased bowel movements, lower libido and decreased appetite. I stop taking Adderall during breaks and long weekends, the first day not on it, I am extremely tired, exercising and eating healthy helps."
Review of Concerta: "On it for 5 months now, and all I have to say is WOW. I have battled nervousness, anxiety and a very, very low stress threshold for all my life (I'm 32 now). It all changed when I started taking Concerta. Started with 16 mg., and felt a lot more relaxed, but also started to develop a foggy kind of feeling in my head. After 2 weeks the dose was upped to 36, and the foggy feeling subsided a bit. Then on 54mg. 2 weeks later, it was like I could see things more clearly. My memory improved, I'm 'sharper', actually feel smarter. All of my anxiety, nervousness etc. is gone. cons: had a persistent fungal infection for a while (on my foot) allergic reaction (redness), & slight tinnitus, but all in all very, very satisfied. A life saver for me!"
Review of Dexedrine: "I am 39 years old and have been suffering from ADD my whole life. It wasn't until recently I finally figured out what it was. After trying Ritalin which didn't agree with me, and Adderall XR which made me irritable, anti -social and too engaged I read the reviews of this & decided to give it a whirl. I'm only on week 1, but compared to the others I am MUCH more myself with no anxiey!  Also, I am shocked at how low of a dose gets the job done. I am on 5mg once daily around noon. You may think you need more but start low & see how much changes right before your very eyes. You get plenty done and still wind down after 4 hours. I sleep great and my appetite is only affected the first 3 hours. I didn't give it a 10 b/c of some memory issues."
Review of Ritalin: "Wow, I'm really surprised with the reviews of this drug. This drug should not be taken for ADHD. There are many (safer) alternatives. I don't know, maybe I was just unlucky...I was prescribed Ritalin at around the age of 5-6, and from day one I had extreme fatigue, weren't interested in any other activity but sleep. It made learning from not interesting to impossible. After a couple of months taking it I had lost a lot of weight...by that time the doctors had to take me off Ritalin. It has caused me to be underweight ever since (I'm 20 now). If your child(ren) are hyperactive you should really consider cutting of the high amounts of sugar that they are exposed to in this day of age. Don't drug them, they will soon develop in a mature being."
Review of Guanfacine: "My son is 7 and just started Intuniv about a month ago. He has ADHD, BiPolar and Intermittent Explosive Disorder. He is currently on a lot of medicines. They started in on Intuniv because he was unable to focus at school and extremely hyper. With him being bipolar it is very hard for them to treat his ADHD because the stimulant medicines make him go crazy. He tries to hurt himself and others while on those. He is on 1mg on the Intuniv and we've yet to see any good effects from it. He has never been able to sleep well, they told me this would help with that. But sadly it hasn't. He is on a sleeping pill as well. He still tends to wake up very early in the morning. Some mornings it's 2am some it's 4. They told us to go ahead and add another sleep aid."
Review of Strattera: "Awful experience with this drug after taking it for 5 weeks.  Started on 40mg for 4 weeks, then went to 80mg.  Stopped using it after 1 week on 80mg.  All adverse symptoms became much worse and no relief for ADD at all.  Extreme tiredness, dizzy when sitting up, insomnia, intestinal pains and moderate burning during ejaculation.  Was formerly using Adderall for 20 years which worked great, but because of a recent heart attack at age 50, my doctor recommended a change to Strattera.  To me, this medication was just awful.  The worst of the side effects were complete lethargy/sluggishness and insufferable insomnia. Now I will continue to look for another Adderall replacement or asking my doctor about possibly trying a lower Adderall dose."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "My wife started taking Adderal 5 months ago.  It completely changed her for the worse.  Sure she might be able to complete tasks and feels energized but the side effects are ruining our family. She goes from talking to screaming in mid sentence.  Violent behavior is now the norm.  Zero sex drive.  Total lack of regard for others.  I have talked to her about these issues but the responses are "shut up". She has lost 20 lbs and looks terrible. By the way she was bulimic as a teen and into college.  So the weight loss is appealing to her.  I contacted the first nurse vacationer that prescribed it for her. He cut her off."
Review of Strattera: "I experienced decreased physical ability, lost muscle tone and stamina. My sexual desire dropped sharply. I was unable to motivate myself and had no desire to do anything. This drug takes away individual thought and makes you do things without the desire or want to do them."
Review of Adderall: "I've been on Concerta before and decided to try Adderall. I loved the results, ultra focused. At the beginning I was incredibly happy with it. Unfortunately, I had a severe allergic reaction to it. I'm not allergic to any other medicines but for some reason Adderall got me. If you get extremely itchy on the medicines stop taking it. I kept taking it for a while because I loved the results and the itching got really bad."
Review of Ritalin: "I have been on Ritalin for 5 months now and it works great for my ADHD. I wish I would have been on it when I was in high school maybe I would have finished high school. I am 25 yrs old and I'm going for my G.E.D so I can go to College. I am so happy now I can concentrate and do things that I was never able to do. The only con is that it is not lasting as long as it did when I first got on it. I really believe Ritalin saved my life."
Review of Vyvanse: "After being on adderall 40mg a day, doc switched me to vyvanse 50mg and although adderall worked great I found it only working 4-5 hours for the IR and I was feeling nothing from taking the XR. I take vyvanse for adhd, depression, and chronic fatigue from RA and EBV, vyvanse is amazing, no crash, no high and low just an even fluctuation through an entire 12-14 hour day! I feel motivated enough to concur my day but I'm not crawling out of my skin ! Love it !"
Review of Amphetamine: "This drug has been far better at treating my ADD than any other drug. I have tried phentermine, aderall, ritalin, and straterra for my inability to focus. All other drug under the amphetamine category have caused extreme anxiety and ,when they wear off, horrible depression and negative thoughts. Evekeo has caused a minimum of these side effects and has increased my ability to focus. When the drug wears off, I feel like I go back to my normal state without all of the depression and negative thoughts. I don't want to describe it like this, but when it wears off it is a very "smooth" come down. I also like that it isn't extended release because other medications would last up to 16 hours, disrupting my sleep."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Got sick a good three times during the first week and felt dizzy. Continued to take it for another 2 weeks every morning but it made me drowsy to the point that I had to take a nap everyday. Switched to taking it at night before bed and could not sleep at all. On a positive note I did notice my concentration levels increased a bit but was surprised how I could read an article or a textbook and remember the information I had just read."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Eighteen year old female, just started taking Strattera on Thanksgiving.  Slept through the entire day and night, had lucid dreams, woke up angry and crying.  I tried it a second day, Friday, and managed to stay awake (more due to the fact that I was reading a good book).  I refused to take it on Saturday because I was visiting family and I didn't want to be moody or drowsy around people that I get to see maybe twice a year.  Took it again this morning, barely managed to finish a short story before falling asleep in the car, which I have NEVER done before.  Still feeling the effects of it right now, got yelled at for falling asleep, still moody, still have homework to do.  I'll check back in a few days after school.  "
Review of Atomoxetine: "I am an adult with ADD. I took Strattera according to my doctors recommendations, starting with 25mg and upping the dosage to 80mg gradually for 6 weeks. I noticed nausea almost immediately after I started taking the medicine along with unusual bouts of tiredness. I continued with the plan as I was told some of the initial side effects would ease as my body became accustomed. The side effects began to get worse, with frequent sweats, occasional sore throat, EXTREME tiredness, and the worst constipation I have ever had. I will say that my ability to stay focused was improved dramatically, but the side effects made it impossible to stay on the medicine."
Review of Concerta: "I was put on Concerta when I was in grade 9 because I was struggling to pay attention in class and just didn't have any desire to be in school.  After starting to take it my marks in school jumped way up because I was able to now focus in school and be able to pay attention.  The only thing I find I don't like about it would be the side effects like the hot flashes, mood swings, and whenever I miss it I just feel weird and have hot flashes and headaches is another big thing I get really bad with this medicine.  But it has certainly helped me with schooling and just things in general. But it has certainly changed the ways of my everyday life."
Review of Methylphenidate: "After three years of constant downs with behavior, my son was finally diagnosed with ADHD at six. Weve tried 10 mg ($60), 20mg ($99) and 30mg ($104)- all of which has worked for about a 1- 1.5 months and then stops. Our pros (when it is working): concentration improved (could actually sit down and read a chapter book), hyperactivity calmed down, but not enough to make him sluggish and school attitude improved. Cons: didnt last long during the day as well as it stopped working after a month of taking every day as well as loss of appetite (lost 5 lbs over the last 5 months). Since we keep plateauing his doctor has switched him to Vyvanse."
Review of Adderall XR: "Been on it for five months. At first, didn't notice any change. Now I find myself daydreaming less. Concentration hasn't improved much, but I'm less impulsive and think things through more than I used to. Instead of having thousands of thoughts at once, I now only have hundreds. I like it it helps me."
Review of Intuniv: "Intuniv is by far the best drug on the market for ADD/ADHD."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I've been on Straterra for about two months and am up to 40mgs, with the exception of dry mouth and some manageable stomach aches, the medication seems to work pretty well--and subtly too.I am a very young 48 and I was diagnosed as "hyperactive" in 1972. I was on Ritalin at a very young age. While it's NOT a cure, it works much better than stimulant medications as an adult--I read better and seem to not interrupt as much. Coffee effects me quite a bit and if I keep it down that helps too. I was worried about all of the reviews of sexual side effects--I seem to be up and running, this worried me a lot. Once again, I'm not saying Staterra this is a cure all, but my experience seems to be very different than many reviews I have read"
Review of Amphetamine: "I have ADD. It helped me study, stay focused. All I know is that I did study more efficiently."
Review of Strattera: "My 5 year old daughter has been on 10 mg of Strattera daily for 3 days.  Her first dose was opened and in a prune and Apple sauce mixture....tummy ache in 30 minutes.  The second and third dose were in the capsule and a table spoon of chocolate pudding....she swallowed it and had no tummy pain....we are pleased, so far, and we got a good report from her teacher, today.  I had her say the alphabet tonight and she was more focused and did not mispronounce a single letter.  I am a FNP and WHNP so I have treated a lot of ADHD kids.  Our daughter's Psychiatrist suggested Strattera due to her new diagnosis and young age.  So far she is eating well and fast asleep, beside me.  I hope this continues to be a positive experience."
Review of Adderall XR: "Overall- I'd say that Adderall XR is better than Adderall IR. Sometimes I feel faint on Adderall XR. I can't take it every day because I get too tired. I have weird side effects with medications. I usually get all of the side effects when I take medications. I also have depression too. Hopefully, Dexedrine will work."
Review of Guanfacine: "Our son was diagnosed with ADD when he was in grade 5-he was started on vyvanse and after a few months and a dose increase developed psychotic episodes.  This experience scared the life out of me so we stopped the drug and revisited pharmaceuticals with our pediatrician.She suggested Intuniv and we tried it. Our son has been on the drug now for almost 4 years-he is on the max dose for his age (3 mg) (?) and I honestly can't see if there is a difference.  He has had no visible side effects-nothing like I have been reading about above. If anything he has put on weight (it is not a stimulant).We are going to try weaning him off in the next few months to see if there is a difference in schoolwork and to see if the med is really working."
Review of Bupropion: "Does help some. Not like stimulants but will keep you awake and have the energy."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "It is magic"
Review of Daytrana: "Daytrana works the best out of everything we've tried for my 10yr old son.  However, it is absolutely RIDICULOUS that this drug has been nearly impossible to find for nearly a year! Have been told for the past 6 months that the problem will be solved "in the 3rd quarter of the year".  It's now October, and it's still nearly impossible to get.  Every month, I spend at least a week or more trying to track it down (yes, I use their pharmacy locator service--with mixed results.  They're staff doesn't always seem to try very hard).  They are jeopardizing patient care, for reasons that I can't fathom.  We pay $267/box out of pocket.  How hard is it to make more?"
Review of Dexedrine: "I used Ritalin for many years before realizing it had little or no effect on me. I think the placebo effect applied not only to me, but also to my parents and teachers. Upon finding out that it's quite common for some patients to have their medication switched 2-3 times before finding one that works, I decided to try Adderall (which worked amazingly, but gave me insomnia), Concerta (which didn't work on me, since it's basically the same as Ritalin), and finally settled on Dexedrine, which I don't know how I ever lived without. Of all the ADD medications I tried, it was head and shoulders above the rest as far as effectiveness AND had the fewest side effects (which were barely noticeable and disappeared after a couple weeks)."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I had to search to find a doctor willing to prescribe this because it is excepted from most malpractice insurance policies and the doctors are afraid they might get sued if something bad happens. So much better than Adderall which is a joke and it's cheaper. No side effects for me either going on or off the medicine but my ability to concentrate again is amazing."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I am a 24 year old male who has been on dexmethylphendate 20 mg for a few years.  I find this medication is very helpful for studying but it occasionally causes panic attacks where I feel as if I am having a heart attack or stroke.  I feel my heart race and my left arm and face feel a little numb and a start shacking.  However when my doctor tests my blood pressure and EKG every thing is normal except a slightly fast heart rate."
Review of Focalin XR: "My son has been on Focalin XR for 3 years now.  We have had nothing but success.  He will not go to school without it.  He went from a failing student that stayed in trouble to a GT student that LOVES school and a very successful competative swimmer.  Yes we do have behavor problems in the evening but its nothing that we can't handle.."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I just started Daytrana 30mg after being on another generic versin of methylphenidate 10mg 3 times a day and all I can say is Daytrana is the best.  I do not get the ups and downs with the pill form. Instant Release Ritalin and I also like how I do not have to keep taking pills all day long.  Daytrana is so much smoother. I was amazed at how it kept a steady supply of methylphenidate in my system.  I also believe since it slowly releases I do not feel jittery and I actually had a great appetite. The only thing I would still change is I would make the part that you peel off hard. Since it's flexible it takes a little of work to peel the back off. I can deal with it though since it the best ADD medicine I have found out there. "
Review of Daytrana: "This Patch is amazing. For those of you having trouble removing the backing, just put patch in fridge for a while, or over night. We just keep the box in the fridge. Peels off nice and easy. And the cold patch helps with the itching."
Review of Vyvanse: "Adderall worked okay on me, but I wanted to try this to see if it worked better and without side effects. I'd heard good things, but for me it did not work out. My anxiety spiked. I noticed my heart rate felt too fast even though I was just sitting there and it was just a very uncomfortable anxious feeling. Even with the dosage high enough to give me this much anxiety, it didn't work very well! I would forget to do things all the time for example. And I see why they use this on binge eating disorder because it made me not want to eat even when I was hungry. At least it kept me awake and slightly more focused than I would be without the medication, but I'm going to explore other options."
Review of Vyvanse: "I loved the intended effects of Vyvanse, as it worked better than anything else I've tried.  However, I was not able to tolerate the stomach-related side effects.  I still want to try it again once other problems with my stomach are resolved, to see if I can tolerate it then."
Review of Strattera: "Been on Strattera for 3 months and can't wait to get off it! It had helped my concentration to an okay extent but I'm having bizarre side effects such as leaking semen followed by testicular pain, paranoia, weird thoughts, anxiety and slight tics.Not recommended for long term use!"
Review of Adderall XR: "I love it, it helps me succeed in subjects/ work tasks that I have struggled with so much in the past which has affected my self esteem. I have been on it for 5 years. I take 20 mg twice a day, and feel a need to go up a bit for the dosage, it's been a while and doesn't feel as effective. "
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been able to focus so much more, I feel like my life is back in order. I'm able to do things that I would struggle with in the past. Some of the feelings in my body are numb when I do the activities, which is different. All my anxiety is gone. I don't feel hungry often, and I randomly crash for sleep. This is only the second day on it, so I'll see what happens next."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My daughter has tried almost every ADHD drug there is.  She is a junior in high school and has a very busy schedule.  Daytrana is the only way she is able to get her homework done.  She takes the patch off an hour before she is done and off to sleep she goes.  This is the only medication that does not have harsh side effect for her.  I hate that I have to drive all over town to find a pharmacy that has it in stock.  I sure hope this shortage ends soon!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "Concerta, despite having little to no side effects (for me), was not very effective in treating my ADHD symptoms even at very high doses (108mg)."
Review of Concerta: "Do yourself a favor and stay away from this drug. After being on this medication for about a month I began to experience auditory and visual hallucinations, appetite loss, insomnia and heart palpitations. It did nothing to relieve my ADHD either. Doc tried lowering the dosage and changing what time I would take it, but it made little difference. I flushed the rest down the toilet and stopped taking it after 6 months."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm 18 years old and have been on 18mg of Concerta for just under a year now. In the beginning I loved it - was able to focus and was very productive with everything. Positives: my grades and work ethic excelled, accomplished a lot, confidence raised. But, it may have just been me, but after being on Concerta I became very antisocial (the complete opposite of myself) and basically got lost in my head. I also suffer from depression and severe seasonal effective disorder and my first winter taking the Concerta was a horrible experience. The important thing to remember with this medicine is that it is not what is making you "smarter" or more accomplished, it is merely helping you to do these things without your ADHD holding you back."
Review of Adderall: "It makes me not able to sleep, irritable, and when I take I just don't feel like me."
Review of Adderall XR: "I started taking Adderall a few months ago. It has really helped me at work and home. At work I sit at a desk, work on a computer and talk on the phone. I have many things going on at once and Adderall has helped me focus and gives me the energy that I need. Sitting at a desk and staring at a computer can make you tired.  Also, it gives me focus on the many tasks I am doing at once.  After work I go home to a wife and a 20 month old, full of energy and active child. My wife works as well, so we are both tired when we get home. After work, there is still a lot of work to be done. With the child, household work and yard work. Overall Adderall is working well. Only draw back is if I take to late in the day, it is hard to fall asleep a night."
Review of Vyvanse: "After taking Vyvanse 50mg for 4 months for adult ADHD, felt on top of the world but instead I became manic and had an episode that my wife is using to divorce me and keep me separated from my daughter. I've not taken it for 2 months now."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have been using Concerta for about 3 weeks now and it has changed my life drastically. I am a Film Writer and Director and can already tell a difference in the way I am filming, my co-workers as well can tell. It is awesome! The only side effect is that I am less hungry, which is okay in my book or in any other womans book. It is not a horrid loss of appetite but still, I have loss 5 lbs in 3 weeks. Which again is alright. ;D"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "12 hours, 140 mg."
Review of Strattera: "I was diagnosed with ADHD late and started Strattera about a year ago. When one gets a diagnosis like this late in life, one contemplates missed opportunities along the way, so I was very hopeful at the beginning. My insurance balked, because it was only approved for children, but eventually, I started it. A year later, I stopped. I don't know what the reasons are, but I felt no effects whatsoever. I stopped about a month ago, and never even noticed anything since stopping. I know doctors don't want to prescribe amphetamines or opiates or anything which has even the slightest risk of dependency. Fine. Then what? And what is out there for adults with ADHD?"
Review of Quillivant XR: "Used for ADHD treatment in my 8 year old daughter.  We had to increase her dosage to last the school day.  Only real pitfall is it comes in a glass bottle and not easily transported.  We switched to a pill that I can keep on hand....for mornings when ADD mom forgets :-)   ALSO stupid expensive unless you get the $20 copay card from your DR.  They will send you another after 12 uses.  Did have to get authorization from insurance for this med."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I love this medication so much! It helps me so much with my impulsive behavior! Don't listen to all of those reviews that say that it makes you have a new personality. It is very rare. If you use it you will be sure to thank me!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "After taking Vyvanse 50mg for 4 months for adult ADHD, felt on top of the world but instead I became manic and had an episode that my wife is using to divorce me and keep me separated from my daughter. I've not taken it for 2 months now."
Review of Bupropion: "I have never been on medicines for ADD. My parents refused, as an adult I found life to be difficult with this disorder.  After taking Wellbutrin. Feel like my true self. Like a "normal" adult. I have focus and can complete tasks. I don't feel the need to stay in bed to avoid the world. This medicine has been a blessing."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I've been on every ADHD medication under the sun. After heavily abusing adderall and lying to my doctors, I broke out in a huge body rash that went all the way up to my face. I didn't like the way adderall made me feel. Like a zombie. I was wide awake, felt euphoric, but I didn't do anything. I just sat there for hours chainsmoking while on my phone. I decided to try straterra. I love it! It does everything adderall did minus the tweaky stimulant effect. And, I can't abuse it :) my adhd is under control,  my depression disappeared, and I feel like myself again."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I was on zenzedi for about 6 months. I loved it! I have only tried Ritalin for my ADD and it made me psychotic, and once I stopped taking it I was too scared to take anything else. Well 10 years later, and sick of my ADD, I was prescribed this medication and it worked! I also had no beginning side effects.  The only complaint I have is how quickly it wore off, but it could be my own metabolism and anyone else could be different. However, due to my new insurance I am switching to Adderall XR, I'll write an comparison opinion when I begin taking it."
Review of Adderall XR: "I am 22 years old and never was a bad student throughout school but was always very unfocused when it came to reading comprehension and listening to lectures. I now work for a general physician and she seemed to notice my frustration with not being able to get anything done when there was a lot to do. I would get very aggravated easily and had very bad mood swings. My doctor prescribed me Adderral XR and I waS very hesitant to take it. When I started taking it I felt like I was much calmer, was able to do my job. It's really great me and my husband get along now because I'm not so uptight. It does give me dry mouth and insomnia but I can deal with the no appetite. Overall I think it is great!"
Review of Focalin XR: "My daughter started taking Focalin XR 15mg in the morning and 10mg in the afternoon. This medicine does not seem to be helping at all and her behavior is worse than ever to the point that we cannot handle her and she almost had to be hospitalized for the second time within a 2 week span."
Review of Vyvanse: "GREAT ADHD medication. ask for financial help. they give 12 month card that takes half off the cost of Vyvanse... take as directed."
Review of Adderall: "I was taking Adderall for nearly 3 years, when my insurance would no longer cover it. I started taking it when I enrolled into college. It helped me achieve the honor roll every term I was taking it. I felt more confident and focused, whereas in high school I was unable to do such tasks and received D's and F's. I wish that I was taking Adderall again. I've taken Ritalin, Methaline and now Dexedrine which doesn't compare to Adderall. I have been taking this for 6 months now, and I am no longer on the honor roll. No matter how hard I try, my focus isn't where I need it to be. On the other hand, I don't have the side effects of severe irritability or quick anger that Adderall tends to cause."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've used Concerta for 5 years and loved the improvements at first - I became successful, in perfect shape, and did most things extraordinarily well.  My life did a complete 180.  Once unfocused, unmotivated and disorganized, I transformed to near perfection in everything I did.  The price you pay for perfection - I've lost my friends and my social abilities.  I used to be fun and full of life!  You begin to seclude yourself because you are too focused, too mechanical.  You lose weight because your appetite goes away and you are indeed anorexic.  I couldn't sleep, had extreme anxiety, headaches, dry mouth, highs and lows....I can go on and on.  It changes you and you may think it's great but ultimately you lose yourself in the process."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Taking 20mg of Ritalin three times per day for my ADHD symptoms was less effective than taking regular caffeine."
Review of Vyvanse: "There are many positives such as motivation, and a brief period of content, but there are also many negatives.. rapid heartbeat/chest pains, weight loss, dizziness, dry mouth. When the medicine kicks in, i feel this amazing sense of being content.., no matter what I'm doing at the time i just feel happy, but soon feel an extreme sadness and despair when it wears off, because i wonder why i can't be happy anymore. I also become extremely irritable, anxious, and restless. I continue to take this medication ,because it helps me get things done and focus, but the negative impact is extremely hard on me, and effects my mental and physical health greatly. Most common side effects for me are chest pains, sadness, rapid mood change, headache, and loss"
Review of Concerta: "I've been taking concerta for the past five months. When I first began taking it, I would get headaches and appetite problems, but those side effects dissapeared after about three weeks on it. Concerta has not only improved the amount of work I'm able to accomplish, its improved my self esteem as well. I no longer feel as shy and cluttered as I did before I started taking concerta. I like that it lasts throughout the entire work day, so I don't have to worry about redosing. Overall, concerta has been a very positive experience for me."
Review of Daytrana: "After my 10 year tried about every medication he started Daytrana it is absolutely the miracle medication. He is in honors classes and is able tolerate his day to day routine. We put it on him before he gets up in the morning. Without the medication or on oral doses he is very unmanageable and even aggressive at times. We use Ritalin tablets when he does not have school this helps with his weight but his behavior is out of control. He really can not go to school without his patches. We need the Daytrana!!!!!!!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "Made me feel totally disconnected from social interaction,life,etc. its like it closed my head in."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I find that with Adderall XR everything has improved. I am diagnosed with ADHD, OCD, Bipolar mixed cycling, and anxiety {GAD}. Before I would stay in bed for three weeks straight because I had no energy. With Adderall XR I am able to function. Recently I have lost my pill bottle (a real downside to being adhd - you loose things), and I am not looking forward to sitting through more classes without it. I think I've finally found the right dose - 30 MG once a day in the morning seems to work for me. I just cannot have any type of eggs. I notice, however, that this makes me feel a million times better. I've noticed a little weight loss but not much."
Review of Strattera: "I am 65 yrs old; and been dealing with learning disability all my life. However, only recently a clinical psychologist, who I went to for some testing, recommended Ritalin, Adderall which caused unpleasant side effects then Strattera 40 mg. Strattera has been the drug that works for me. I am definitely more focused and can stay focused on reading a book or newspaper article to completion without anxiety and frustration of having to read the same paragraph over and over again. I have always been treated with Paxil for anxiety attacks over the years but this drug seems to work better in that I am happy to feel more focused, interested and involved with everything I do and being with my kids seems to be more enjoyable for me. I EMBRACE these feelings."
Review of Adderall: "I've been diagnosed with ADHD for many years my child hood was filled with lots of trouble. I've had more failing grades than I can count more referrals then most kids been kicked out of an amazing school and lost a full ride scholarship.  I'm not blaming all these problems on being ADHD but not having self control for my actions is a big factor my doctor finally prescribed me to Adderall and the difference is cazy. I have been able to stay focused on school and all my classes for the first time in 6 years I am getting honor roll I have an interest in being in school. I'd recommend any one to give Adderall a  try. It truly has made my life a lot easier by being able to stay focused."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I posted regarding my son's good experience, now for my own. After struggling with distraction all my life, which I thought was normal and many in my family are the same, I didn't get evaluated until after my son's experience. I was also evaluated and was started on Strattera. The first thing I noticed was feeling increased thirst, some constipation, loss of appetite. I lost about 5lbs the first month (yeah!) and found that I felt more "calm", less irritable and less flustered at work. I am a FNP in a busy office and I was more on task, less easily distracted on the medicine (80mg). Waiting for a new script, I was off for 2 weeks and the old symptoms came back, forgetfulness, fidgeting, on-edge. The med has been great for me!"
Review of Vyvanse: "I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was eleven. Over the years, I've been on Metadate, Strattera, Ritalin, Adderall, and Concerta. Finally, after a couple years of a break from the medications (nothing worked before), my new doctor decided to put me on Vyvanse (30mg). Within the first few hours of taking this drug, I noticed improvement. My mind didn't feel clouded, I could remember things, I could finish tasks, and I was not easily distracted like before. He added Depakote(125mg) to my regimen, which is supposed to assist with agitation and anxiety. Together, these drugs have tremendously improved my life. The only "bad" things I have noticed is that my appetite is almost gone and I talk A LOT more than I used to."
Review of Concerta: "I took Concerta when I was in high school for 2 years. I am a very lively person; however, after the first year I literally lost all my social abilities. I had no desire to speak to anybody or go out and have fun I became IMMENSELY depressed almost even suicidal. Additionally, I became so anorexic that I almost got hospitalized for low hemoglobin. "
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 45 and was diagnosed with ADD & dyslexia when i was a child. Didn't know about it until i was 40. Tried many other meds and would  highly recommend Vyvanse. The best part is not having the nervous-jittery feeling. I don't realize I am on it during the day. I am glad my doctor recommended it to me."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My kids do great in school, but on weekends I do not give the Vyvanse to them, they just sit and stare at the walls."
Review of Dexedrine: "I've taken many different medications for my ADHD  over the years, Adderall, Ritalin, Strattera, Concerta and Vyvanse. Dexedrinne is the most effective with almost no side effects. I only experienced slight appetite suppression with it and it never effected my mood negatively nor did I ever feel "cracked-out" on it. I now take Vyvanse because the slow release works better with another medication I take; however, I would strongly recommend Dexedrine to anyone who is looking for an effective treatment for ADHD. "
Review of Atomoxetine: "I was given Strattera to treat my ADD. I began taking it with a free packet that ranged from 20mg to 80mg. At about 40 mg I began to notice that I was able to concentrate better in school. When I got to 80mg I began to not daydream anymore and people found it easier to talk to me because I wouldn't be constantly jumping from subject to subject. My anxiety and sleep problem was also solved. However, after forgetting to take it one day, I got a massive headache, equal to a migraine. Besides that, I have had no other issues and it has made life much calmer and it has made my grades improve alot."
Review of Vyvanse: "Before Vyvance I had tried many other medications. It helped me quickly, I realized that I actually liked school and learning. Within weeks I went from failing to honors. But now that I'm older I realize that it alters my personality and my mood alot. And I find that when I dont have it I tend to feel like I am incapable of completing simple task."
Review of Adderall: "It was like a light bulb went on in my brain."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was diagnosed with ADHD in 8th grade and put on 20mg of Concerta which has since risen to 54mg extended release in the day and 10mg immediate release in the evening for when I do my homework. At first the medicine was great- it allowed me to focus and my grades went up significantly. However over the past year or so I have been experiencing negative side effects such as depression, headaches, and loss of appetite. I can manage the headaches and appetite problems but as for the depression, it is so bad that I am considering switching to another brand or changing my dose because when I am on Concerta I become virtually emotionless, and as a result I am struggling to maintain good relationships with my friends and family members."
Review of Adderall: "Could not focus at all before adderall. Took for 21 days aka 3 weeks and could finish task at hand, after 21 days focus doubled and I have taken on more tasks and can finish with time to spare and @ 100% no errors. It works."
Review of Vyvanse: "LOVE IT. I took Strattera for 4 yrs but switched because of terrible nausea and anxiety. The first 3 months I had terrible migraines, lack of appitite & trouble sleeping. Keep taking it daily to give body time to adjust. No side effects now and huge HUGE improvement in work, concentration and motivation."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I used this medication during the last school year, but it didn't help me much. My grades were still failing and I had no appetite. I was also very depressed. I have been off it for a while now, and my grades have significantly improved compared to what they were."
Review of Strattera: "This medication has worked great for my son!  Family history of ADHD and possibly bi-polar.  Recently noticed my son has been talking in his sleep.  Nothing to worry about but just an obvious side effect.  2nd week in on 18 mg.  This is the 2nd time we have tried the Strattera and it seems to be a very effective medication for focus and concentration, helping the anxiety and frustrations.  He also has quite a long list of differences like dyslexia, ADHD and dyspraxia which contribute to a slight depression.  The Strattera seems to help with everything including the impulsivity.  Depression seems to fade and life goes on.  Just wanted to make note for anyone that may be interested or taking this medication that talking in sleep is a side effect."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 14 year old son has been taking Ritalin for a year now. He is so much under control now. An excellent student in school. A huge change from before."
Review of Adderall XR: "I started it a few days ago. It helps me stay focused and less anxious in public situations."
Review of Intuniv: "Great difference in impulse control."
Review of Guanfacine: "Intuniv did not work for my son; he was bouncing off the walls while he was taking it, and having major issues in class! It seems to work the opposite on him!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "Made me very itchy and gave me liver dysfunction, doctor says it was a very rare side affect"
Review of Concerta: "I am 36 and was diagnosed with ADD shortly after my youngest son was diagnosed with ADHD. I take 36mg Concerta and it has changed my life and saved my career. Looking back, I should have been diagnosed as a child, but my intellect got me through college, the military and life in general thus far. Had I been treated as a child, life would have been a lot easier. However, my struggles have made me who I am. I recently began a new position at work and it is extremely challenging. I need to be exceptionally focused and organized. I was drowning and getting depressed about my lack of success until I started taking the Concerta. 2 months later I have been promoted and able to handle a larger workload.....HOWEVER, my son developed severe tics."
Review of Vyvanse: "Switched from Adderall to Vyvanse because I was experiencing negative side effects. Even on the smallest dose of Adderall I was anxious, had trouble with public speaking, and would have pretty bad mood swings. On Vyvanse I finally feel like a 'normal' person. My mom noticed a difference on the first day, and I no longer feel hopeless and discouraged while doing school work."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "this drug not only gave me a low key eating disorder but it made me have terrible, TERRIBLE mood swings all the time. it would make me cry and be irrationally angry at everyone at the same time. on top of that I would bearly be able to eat because the pill is also used as a way to treat binge eating. it also made me feel like I was having a heart attack at times and my heart would feel like it was going to stop beating. the only positive is that yes it did improve my focus and motivation immensly."
Review of Bupropion: "It doesn't give you a hyper focus like Adderall but I noticed when I'm at work I can stay on task without my mind wondering around at any little distraction. I'm only on 150mg SR once a day and should be at 300mg a day but at this dose it sends my anxiety right up."
Review of Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: "I was diagnosed with ADHD 2 years ago and was put on Dexedrine and Adderall. I recently was in rehab for alcoholism and a nasty heroin and Xanax addiction. While in rehab the doctors switched me to Wellbutrin which worked well for my ADHD but made my hair fall out. I started researching natural ways and now I take about 200mg of Fish Oil every morning along with vitamin B12 before work. I don't know if it is the placebo effect or what but friends, family and coworkers have noticed I am a lot more focused and my job performance is a lot better."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I began taking Adderall tablets, 15 -25 mg off and on, sometimes using Ritalin tablets instead. Both medications, although chemically different, have been bad for my sex drive. Adderall was preferable as it did not cause me to feel so emotionally vulnerable and 'weepy' as Ritalin. BUT learning that there's a neuro-toxic impact from Adderall that does not occur with Dexedrine has made me ask the question: why not Dexedrine? I do not enjoy the Adderall 'high' ~ I always take every medicine as prescribed AND vacation. Adderall helped me focus but *felt* physically mean. Now my psych doctor has prescribed Dexedrine ER. I look forward to enjoying sex again. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "Our 6-yr-old daughter has been on this for 6 months.  At first we also thought it was a miracle drug. Her handwriting improved tremendously, her attention span was great, etc., however, it did wear off around 3 PM and we were in for a horrible evening every night.  We tried a booster of 10 mg of methylphenidate at 3 PM but that has just brought out oppositional-defiant disorder.  We now are about to try Concerta.  I definitely would recommend Metadate CD, though, because for the most part it gave us back our daughter."
Review of Ritalin: "Ritalin made me able to block out everything and focus on reading my boring, tedious nursing books. Take it at least 12 hours before you go to sleep, or else it will keep you up at night with thoughts racing. It suppresses appetite and makes most people lose weight- I actually gained weight because I would be starving and binge eat at the end of the night. I did like Ritalin, but it made me too irritable so I switched to Adderall. That is much more pleasant and even more effective. Focalin 10 mg is good for people with mild ADHD symptoms. "
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been taking ADHD medications for about 10 years and vyvanse is by far my favorite. I take 50mg of vyvanse as needed. I always feel very productive when taking it and It really helps me focus and get things done without the procrastination. Although, it does what it is supposed to do I do have a few side effects that prevent me from taking it everyday. I have a history with anxiety/depression and this medicine brings back some of those symptoms. Also, I tend to be a perfectionist when I take the medicine. I catch myself taking longer to take exams and redoing my makeup or hair or brushing my teeth more than once simply because I feel like it isn't just right. Also I am more isolated and less social when I take the pill."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Yes it helped a lot and i love the fact that i can concentrate now because before i couldn't concentrate at all. The thing is that after a few hours, i start to feel really depressed and really emotionnal but i love the fact that i can express myself better now."
Review of Mydayis: "Never had so many thoughts really down thoughts as I did well on this medication. Also, daily dosage only lasted 4-6 hours before effect decreased rapidly. Generic Adderall lasts longer with no downers. This one was not the godsend I had hoped it would be."
Review of Vyvanse: "Tolerance builds slower than Adderall and other instant release stimulants, but still builds fast.  Lasts a good 12-14 hours as well, just make sure you don't take more than you should because when your tolerance builds you're pretty much done with."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was first diagnosed with ADD when I was 6 years old, I'm almost 28 now,and have been on Ritilan and Adderall for most of my life. I went off medication a few times in my life and although I was functional, I found myself spacing out a lot, and unable to focus. Recently I had been under so much stress that I was experiencing more frequent zoning out especially at work. So I talked to my doctor about it, and he originally prescribed Strattera but my insurance company wouldn't cover it so he put me on 20 mg dose once a day. This is only my second day on it, but overall I've had little negative side effects. Just a minor loss of appetite and some dry mouth. I am definitely feeling a lot more focused and can still sleep. So far so good."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I can't believe all these negative reviews! The only praises I hear are ones that sound like "stage actors" who are planted in to these websites and being paid to boast about the wonders of this medicine. This medication was created because Shire no longer held the patent of Adderall, so came up with a new drug for doctors to push so Shire could make more money again-  at the same time, all the generics of adderall that ones were so great, are now weak and inferior. I've never been so depressed and feel there is nothing to look forward to anymore after having adderall pulled out from underneath my feet. I just plug through my days just to get the day over with. My family suffers due to BIG PHARMA GREED!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been on this medication since I was 9 I'm 21 now. I've always had trouble in school and it has helped me a lot to concentrate but without it I can't focus at all. I became too dependent on it so now that I am in college I cannot study or find any kind of motivation to stay focused if I'm not on it. It wouldn't be a bad thing if it didn't make me depressed. Recently in this past year I've been taking it almost every day again and have been feeling sad for no reason, always thinking negative and very irritable until I put two and two together. Now trying to get off once I am done with school next month for good."
Review of Focalin XR: "My son has been on this for 8 years and it is a huge help. Takes 1st thing in morning and lasts all day. No problem eating dinner and has kept a healthy weight. With the coupon we pay zero out of pocket...."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have been taking this for 3  months now and I feel we are getting somewhere.  I am taking 15 mg in the morning and 15 mg at 1pm.  I feel I could have the dose increased as I have only one side effect which is dry mouth.  No decreased appetite and no jitters.  I have decreased my coffee in take and am much calmer than I have been in years.  Before I had trouble with focus and gnatting about.  I know we are getting close to where I should be.  I am 44 and have suffered too long and so has my children, boss, friends, etc."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 9 year old daughter has been on this for about 2 months.  We switched from Adderall XR due to severe weight loss.  This seems to work much better and also does not affect her personality like Adderall.   She has some loss of appetite but not as bad.   Yesterday I forgot to give the medication to her and she had a severe crying spell last night and did not know why.  I believe she may have been experiencing withdrawal symptoms.  She is taking 40 mg.   I may switch back to 30mg.  Be aware that you may not be able to stop this medication abruptly if on it for a long time."
Review of Amphetamine: "I was a little skeptical to try a new drug but when my Daytrana went on backorder, I listened to my doctor and glad I did.  I HATE to swallow pills and didn't want to carry around any syrup with me so this works perfect for me.  Actually taste like orange! Which as you know most drugs don't actually taste like the flavor they say it should so I was pleasantly surprised.  I got to try it out free for the first month and will be continuing to use in the future!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "This medication sucks. I took 20mg Adderall XR, which worked wonderfully for my ADHD, for a month, but had to get off of it, because I have Tourette Syndrome and Adderall aggravated my tics. My physician then put me on Strattera. It is extremely expensive, since it is patented until May 2017, and I was given a sample 6-week starter titration pack (from 25mg to 80mg). I took a 25mg capsule last night around 7 PM, and an hour later, I was nauseous/lost my appetite, and I experienced sexual dysfunction (it took over an hour to reach a burning, painful orgasm). The next day (today), I am constipated and depressed. I'd recommend clonidine or guanfacine before trying this garbage for ADHD."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I was diagnosed with ADHD in 6th grade and have taken Stattera ever since. I am a college student now and its worked so well for me that I continuously make good grades. I would recommend this medicine to anyone who is having problems finding one to work."
Review of Strattera: "I have an 8 yr old son who has ADHD. He has tried several medications including Adderall and Vyvanse. Nothing has worked as well as Strattera for him. He's a new kid. So much happier. He used to have severe mood swings with the Vyvanse, although it did control his ADHD fairly well for about 5-6 hrs after he took it. Strattera has been a big help regaining some normalcy in his life. He is only on 10 mg daily for the last 3-4 weeks but it has made a very noticeable difference. I have not seen any negative side effects from it, and he is actually eating on it. Thank you Strattera."
Review of Atomoxetine: "well...... it worked.that's about all I can say.You'll be able to focus, and if you don't mind the fact that the ONLY thing you'll be able to focus on is how tired, nauseated, and occasionally slightly mad you feel, this is the medicine for you.despite that, it's worth nothing that i'm only 17 and ~130 pounds which is really close to the minimum weight on the box. based on what i've seen, it seems to work better for ~30  year olds who aren't underweight. not a professional, obviously, though, so take this with a grain of salt."
Review of Vyvanse: "If you have social anxiety don't take more than 40 milligrams of Vyvanse because you'll be extremely anxious. I'd also suggest taking 0.25 milligrams of Klonopin in the afternoon to help with the moodiness and anxiety amphetamines cause as they wear off."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I love this. I've started taking it 3 years ago, it's effective for me. The best thing about this pills it makes me less-hungry, and it help me lose weight!"
Review of Concerta: "I just started taking Concerta again and I have noticed big differences in my attention span and being able to focus more. I was on it for quite some time when I was younger and then wanted to come off of it in the 10th grade. Now several years later I asked to go back on it and I noticed big changes in school and I thank God for this drug to help me get back to a somewhat normal state."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I love Vyvanse. It helps me concentrate and helps me in school to work faster and harder. When I get home I immediately start homework and then I just chill with the family until bedtime when I'm tired. I did have insomnia but that went away within about a week. Now I sleep like a baby again and it helped me finally start working out which I have been planning to do for almost 2 months now. Also, I went from struggling to get D's to easily making A's in all classes. I recommend this medicine."
Review of Concerta: "took this halfway through 10th grade to through summer. First experience after being diagnosed with add so in attention without being hyper. No motavation from this almost made me feel worse with serve exaustion and depression I felt like every day was a chore and I wasn't as happy I used to be and my friends said I wasn't as free spirited or fun. Gave me social anxiety also and shaking. I would highy recommend adderall xr I switched to it and got none of the side effects but all of the results. I feel like I can function and am more social than even without medicine and I also can plan out my thoughts and lists of what I have to do and homework. Concerta sucks take adderall instead"
Review of Guanfacine: "I'm 22 years old, and I was recently diagnosed with ADHD. I didn't originally want to take meds to help manage it because I was unaware that there were non-stimulant options available to treat ADHD. It's helped me focus a little bit more and slowed things down for me, so I can handle situations a little bit better. Aside from the cotton mouth, the worst things are the nausea and the slight sleeplessness. I can't seem to sleep through the night anymore. The nausea is mostly just inconvenient, since I can't seem to eat as much as I was, though I'm always hungry, and drinking alcohol while taking them is hit and miss, since sometimes, I can drink for hours and other times it's 2 drinks and I feel like I'm going to puke."
Review of Vyvanse: "So far so good, I recently started Vyvanse and it has been wonderful I am really seeing a difference. The only side effect I have experienced is dry mouth and I did not drink enough water anyway so I have had a very positive experience."
Review of Methylphenidate: "This medication worked fantastically for me! When I started taking it I was at the bottom of my class, struggling at school, and within 2 years I'd moved to the top. It totally transformed how I was able to concentrate. I always felt like this allowed me to 'be the real me' because it gave me the focus and patience to do the things I wanted to do. It helped me socially because I was able think and communicate better (more tactfully!)In terms of side effects I can't take it too late in the day or else I wouldn't sleep at night, but nothing else. I know some people have described many more side effects but I didn't get anything like that.The only downside is that after 19 years on the drug, I don't find it as effective anymore."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 25 years old and was diagnosed with ADD when I was about 8 years old and also have a processing problem as well. This is the 2nd day I am on it and on 20mg (lowest dose). It takes a little while to kick in but when it does I do get a little jittery (which is a side effect); which only lasts a few minutes.  I concentrate so much better with my online courses. when I was first diagnosed with ADD I was put on a medication that my mother said I wasn't the same person anymore and since then I was never medicated and struggled with the simplest things and also became depressed. If you have been diagnosed with ADHD/ADD I do suggest this for you and helps; with this med you aren't a zombie or foggy."
Review of Focalin XR: "My Son was diagnosed with ADHD when he was 4 years old he Is now 7 before finding Focalin his doctor started him on Ritalin he was only on it for 3 days because it made him zombified and depressive with many mood swings then he started Vyvanse for a few weeks but it gave him some kind of allergic reaction in his throat.  Finally  he was put on Focalin 10ml and for the last 3 years it has been doing him great. He does awesome in school and also at home he can focus and he is happy. The only bad part is he has absolutely no appetite from 10 min after he takes the pill- 6hrs later. He  drinks cyproheptad syrup 2mg to help boost his appetite while on the Focalin."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 19 now and started taking ADD medicines when I was 17. I had used Adderall for a few months and had to stop because of the 'rebound' I got from it. It made me too agitated and easily angry/sad when coming down on it near the end of the day. I switched to Focalin XR and it worked well for maybe another month before the same thing started happening. My doctor then wanted to try one more time so he said there is a newer stimulant out for ADD/ADHD and it is pretty much like a cousin of Adderall. He said there is a better chance that this won't have a negative rebound. I have been on 60mg of Vyvanse for a few months and I have not felt any type of negative side-effects like I had before. It works great and helps me stay focused with school and work."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall can have a remarkable and immediate effect.  I have heard it described as "like opening a window shade in a darkened room".  Used in concert with counselling and dietary management, it can have very positive effects.  I wish it had been given to me when I was young and struggling with my schooling!"
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Diagnosed with ADD when I was 9 I first as a child used Ridalin but for years after that I didn't have access to the right doctors to continue this or something similar. It took me until I was in my early 20's to find a doctor to prescribe me Dexidrene. It allowed me to keep my job due to the effects. There are some side effects, dry mouth (that goes away after a while), increased sex drive and at times can make me feel in a daze if I am not actively busy. You take it as you need it in some respects. I have always been on SR Sustained release and used generic.I can attest having been on several different medications in my life, this is what did it for me."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 7 year old started taking Vyvanse last week.  The same day she started the drug her teacher could tell she was doing much better.  It has given her a voice and she is on top of the world and so proud of herself.  She is so happy and so am I. I was always so sad because I couldn't help her and now Vyvanse has helped."
Review of Vyvanse: "Ok so I'm 18 I'm have been taking these for a little under a year and it keeps you very attentive  specially because I have school and after school  activities along with homework.  It does help you focus although it suppresses my appetite a little too much I try to force myself to eat but it  seems like I can't. I have a loss about 25 pounds and went from a size 8 to a 4 in jeans because of this medication. I don't know if anyone else experienced this but it won't allow me to keep food or fluids in my system I continue to run to the bathroom all night and all day sometimes even at four in the morning. But for the most part it's a good product for what it's used for."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "My 14 yr old son takes this medication for ADHD. He had bad side effects from Ritalin and so his Psychiatrist put him on dextroamphetamine extended release, 10mg/day. The difference was amazing! No side effects at all and his grades went from C's to A's in two months time. He is calmer, more interested in learning, and his overall attitude has vastly improved. His teachers noticed the difference immediately. I wish I had known about this medication when his sister was dealing with severe ADHD. I highly recommend this treatment, in contest with real life changes, such as making sure kids with ADHD have enough stimulation (tablet, laptop, sports, etc.) and always remember ADHD kids need very short term punishments instead of normal ones."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "GREAT ADHD medication. ask for financial help. they give 12 month card that takes half off the cost of Vyvanse... take as directed."
Review of Concerta: "Better than Adderall for me. Adderall feels like a sledgehammer slamming my brain into focus and Concerta is like a master artist finessing my thoughts into focus as much as Adderall but so much more subtly. I will forget I am on Concerta (36 mg, may go up to 54mg), during the day. There is a noticeable tolerance that I have developed. 18mg used to pump me up, now I no longer feel 18. 36 is getting to that point with daily use. Only reason it doesn't get a 10. Take 6000mg of fish oil daily and increase your magnesium intake."
Review of Adderall: "I'm a 57 year old male that has been clean and in recovery for ten years now. I have abstained from anything stronger than aspirin the whole time. Chronic pain had made it necessary to begin a closely monitored treatment schedule, but I was still losing a lot of focus on tasks at work and any motivation for anything but sleeping at home. After talking to the doctor we added 20mg Adderal 3 times a day. The difference has been amazing. I normally work pretty long hours and had been having trouble staying awake in the morning going to work and evenings going home. No more. Properly scheduling the doses keeps me active and focused my entire day. Didn't take long to find out that it increased energy and desire in other areas also. All others."
Review of Intuniv: "My son is halfway through his fourth week of Intuniv. We became concerned when he began this last week, when he started taking the highest dose he will be on. For two days, he could hardly get out of bed, was very cranky, and slept for nearly 8 hours on a drive home from school vacation (very unusual for him.) I called his doctor on Monday morning and she said to stick it out a few days. See how he did at school, and with getting up in the morning. The last two days have been problem free. He is MUCH more agreeable than ever. He is less emotional (a good thing), less cranky. He is remembering all the things he should. Overall his behavior is better. We have tried many different medications and so far this is the most effective."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I've been taking 20mg of Focalin XR for the past 2 years and have experienced great improvement in mental function and all around health. Focalin has allowed me to focus and be aware of a situation. I have been more efficient at work, more aware of my health and wellbeing, and able to process situations more appropriately. My biggest complaint has been with sleep patterns. Some nights I can sleep 6 hours or I can sleep for 14 and I CAN NOT fall asleep right away. My FitBit has mixed reports, but they are questionable. This is something I have tried to "tweak" with my doctor, but we have not had any success. My second complaint is nausea, but that we have been able to tweak with food consumption and timing."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse is great.  It has a longer dosing window than Adderall XR (12 vs 8 hours for me) and a slightly improved side-effect profile.  As a longtime (~16 years) prescription stimulant user, for ADHD, I would recommend Vyvanse to any user that is currently unsatisfied with their ADHD management.  It is no silver bullet, but there are no silver bullets for ADHD.  It is incremental innovation in a great way. Vyvanse is the first real stimulant to reduce side effects without cutting efficacy."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Have been taking Adderall XR for over a year now. I am having some issues with tolerance now, but it's still working reasonably well. Had side effects for the first few months, but now I have none. Good stuff!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I actually have ADD. This may work for many people, but it gave me bad chest pain."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am currently 18 years old, and I was diagnosed with severe anxiety and depression when I was 13 years old, and I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 14. I currently use Vyvanse for my ADHD, and it has improved my life so much. I went from always zoning out and failing classes, to becoming a straight A student again, and I have been able to connect with my family so much more. I also use Prozac for my anxiety, and there does not seem to be any issues with my anxiety flaring up, however there is a noticeable difference when I only use Prozac and not Vyvanse. I also have lost some appetite for eating but I still eat enough to satisfy my body. Sleeping isn't a huge issue, as I usually take it around 6:00am each morning."
Review of Adderall XR: "My son is 15 and was diagnosed with ADHD and Bipolar Disorder when he was 4.  We have tried many medications but the one to gave the most focus and changed his quality of life has been Adderall XR.  We immediately notice his lack of focus and hyperactivity level changes if he is late taking his medicines."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Ritali doesn't work for me but Concerta does. My dosage is 72 mg of Concerta. 200 mg of Seroquel and 20 mg of Ritalin."
Review of Focalin XR: "We had no results on this medication.  Granted we only took the 5mg but her emotions were so heightened she would start crying for no reason.  The teachers didn't see a difference and her grades started going down.  The side effects were to intense for her on 5mg, there was no way I going to go up and have it worse.  We are now going to try Vyvanse 10mg.  We will see if this change helps."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I had good grades. I could concentrate. But, I became very aggressive. I had to stop taking."
Review of Daytrana: "My 18 year old daughter has been on Daytrana patches for more than 5 years.  She needs a 40 mg dose, and 30 mg is the strongest patch. Benefits are MANY.  Though 9 hours is the recommended time for wearing the patch, my daughter routinely wears them for 14 hours daily to get school work and homework done.  She wears them 16 or more hours if she has a date, or there is a school function that lasts late e.g. PROM.  This has allowed her to avoid those horrible "impulse control" issues most ADD kids experience.  Daytrana has allowed her to avoid the highs and lows that occur with other medications.  We love Daytrana."
Review of Strattera: "My daughter was diagnosed with ADD in the  1st grade.  I didn't want to start her on a stimulant right away and our pediatrician recommended we try Strattera.  I am happy to say that my daughter is now in 11th grade and has been on Straterra her entire time in school...we went through all the ups and downs of titrating the meds, which combo worked and which upset her tummy but all in all this has been the best med for her.  She is now on 80 mg and has been since she stopped growing.  Unfortunately, the meds have gotten extremely expensive and even with a coupon, I will have to pay over $350/month to keep her on this until we hit our $5,600 deductible.  I am very disappointed in the manufacturer that they have hiked the meds so high."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My 6.5 yr old son takes 5mg XR on school days only.has been on it for 30 school days.  He does great in school and it appears a miracle help to him. It does seem to wear off too early so I will talk to the Dr. About that next week. When he comes home from school and we try to do his homework it is a nightmare. He has a very mild case of ADHD.  He eats well so far. He sleeps better and longer now than he did before starting the medicine. But a few weeks ago he told me he feels his heart beating fast and pains in his left side in physical education. Took him for a complete cardio. Check with EkG, ultrasound and all kinds of other tests. He checked out in perfect condition. So we will keep an eye out and see."
Review of Focalin XR: "My child has been taking this for a few months now. We tried Concerta and after only the second dose he was having severe tics. Focalin has less side effects but his behavior is WORSE when he misses a dose than it ever was before he started taking this medicine. "
Review of Quillivant XR: "I have Bipolar I disorder along with PTSD and ADHD. I am a rapid cycler which means im all over the place and I need to have a strict medication schedule in order to remain stable. Being on any stimulant medications, like even a steroid for inflammation, can make me manic. After spending years trying to stabilize my condition I faced with a choice: either drop out of college bc I couldnt keep up or risk going manic by trying an ADHD med. It took months for my doctor to agree to give me something, anything, for my ADHD because the risks were too high, but she finally did. In February she prescribed Quillivant XR because it had seemed to work with other Bipolar patients. Since then everything has changed. My mind works. My brain works finally"
Review of Bupropion: "Well I'm halfway through week 2 and I am absolutely loving my life right now.  I lost my job in October and my wife in the same month.  I was severely depressed and experienced major anxiety as well. Today (1 week and 3 days in) I'm laughing, being funny feeling awesome.  I also used to abuse alcohol.  I  started to drink to slow the thoughts that raced in my head down. Since being on this the focus is totally apparent. The motivation is apparent,  the memory is a little off, but remember I haven't reached full efficacy. That should be 4-5 weeks max. Had some trembling in my hands heart palpation a bit nothing you can't get through.  Smoking and drinking have both gone down "
Review of Concerta: "I was diagnosed with ADD about ten years ago. I was prescribed Concerta by my doctor and it wasn't an easy transition. I got tons of work done and all, but it killed my apetite during lunch hours and as a result I lost weight. As time went on I got more used to the medication and I've since regained my weight (for the most part, I've still got a high metabolism and as a result gaining any kind of weight is difficult for me) and can still focus on my schoolwork. Part of this can be attributed to getting older and all, but I think the medication has certainly helped. For reference, I'm a 6 ft tall guy who weighs around 125 lbs."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I find Ritalin allows me to focus. With my ADD and bipolar I couldn't even read a book. My doctor says though its a stimulant, Ritalin tends not to push bipolars into mania. I was self medicating my ADD with caffeine which made me anxious so I'm glad the Ritalin replaces that. I'm on a low dose now and hope to increase to where the positive effects last longer, as they are short lived now."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I take 15 mg three times a day along with Ritalin 20 mg three times a day and I am so glad my Doc found this combo!!!! I'm 36 and extremely overweight and I got the got up and go that I never had and the help to keep my mind on very important things and people in my life, like my kids!!"
Review of Ritalin: "This medicine worked well . I didn't have that many side effects. I took adderall and this one was much better ."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "My 8 year old daughter has ADD, she is not really hyper, just has an attention deficit. We started her on Focalin, and that turned her into a clingy, bashful, quiet kid. I can't say if it really helped her in school; I never saw an improvement. Then we switched to Adderall 10mg XR this past summer, and she is doing well. SHE even told me she liked this medicine because she can focus now. She still needs us to keep an eye on her but she is much better than she was."
Review of Concerta: "I'm 24 yrs old. I was recently diagnosed with ADHD. So far I've been on short-acting Ritalin, Adderall, Dexedrine and Vyvance. The whole works. Nothing ever worked well. I either had severe stomach aches and I would get so irritable it amazes me that my husband didn't divorce me so far.I've been on Concerta (36mg) for a short time and so far it has helped me a great deal. I can concentrate now and I'm not even near as irritable. Simple things wont set me off anymore. Finally for the first time in my life I can relax, being able to sit down without shaking and feeling really uncomfortable. I don't get the urge to constantly "do something"."
Review of Vyvanse: "I was recently diagnosed with ADHD and I was first prescribed Concerta. Since Concerta is part instant release and part extended release it starts working extremely quick, within 15-30 minutes, which was nice because there was no need to time things out when taking the medication. Unfortunately, Concerta starts working immediately and also stops working immediately which for me led a horrific crash. I was irritable and angry after the medication wore off. Due to this my doctor switched me to Vyvanse. Vyvanse is a prodrug which means the actual drug inside the capsule is not therapeutically helpful until it gets broken down in the body. This allows for a nice steady come up and no crash when the medication is eventually excreted."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Very bad side effect: insomnia, depression, important weight lost..."
Review of Clonidine: "I have tried so many drugs for my ADHD and nothing has helped. My Med. Doctor gave me a GeneSight and it came back that I can take nothing for ADHD. So we tried Clonidine and I am so thankful we did. I don't obscess with thoughts and actions and have been able to sleep at night and get plenty of sleep. I do wake up with a bit of a hangover but that don't last long and that is okay because I'm sleeping at night. I am so thankful for Clonidine after many years of try different drugs and not getting stable this has been a wonder drug. I take Effexor and Latuda and with these drugs I am doing great. Thank god for these three drugs"
Review of Desoxyn: "The medical establishment should be ashamed! I have struggled all my life with side effects from the 'acceptable' ADD medications.  They gave me anxiety and a crash that made me irritable to boot! I have none of those side effects now and people have noticed a very positive change in me.  I am much more successful at my job, my anxiety is much lower, and my wife has noticed my nightly irritability is completely gone. I now feel like a complete person! Why wasn't I prescribed this first? How much of my life have I lost? What could I have accomplished? I'm glad I didn't know this was actually methamphetamine when I was prescribed it or I would have said NO WAY. How the media portrays it and the actual effects on me are miles apart."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I found Ritalin increased my alertness and concentration. I rate Ritalin 2/10 as I find it increased my depression, from which point I stopped taking. Unsure whether the Ritalin interacted negatively with my usual small dose antidepressant Cymbalta or if increased depression is an unreported side effect."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have taken Adderall for over a year and I have had great results. I take 20mg twice a day. I stay on task and accomplish so much more in a day. Initially, I was shaky and jittery and not sure about Adderall, but it was stopped and I feel the full benefits of the drug. The only side effects I would tell someone about would be 1) DRY MOUTH, 2)loss if appetite (good for me though), and 3) sometimes hard to get to sleep at night. These are trivial, given the amount of benefit I see from Adderall."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 19 now and started taking ADD medicines when I was 17. I had used Adderall for a few months and had to stop because of the 'rebound' I got from it. It made me too agitated and easily angry/sad when coming down on it near the end of the day. I switched to Focalin XR and it worked well for maybe another month before the same thing started happening. My doctor then wanted to try one more time so he said there is a newer stimulant out for ADD/ADHD and it is pretty much like a cousin of Adderall. He said there is a better chance that this won't have a negative rebound. I have been on 60mg of Vyvanse for a few months and I have not felt any type of negative side-effects like I had before. It works great and helps me stay focused with school and work."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I started it a few days ago. It helps me stay focused and less anxious in public situations."
Review of Daytrana: "My daughter was on the Daytrana patch for 2 years and did very well during most of that time. Daytrana was a breath of fresh air. She was still a normal child with high spirits.  She did well in school and maintained friendships.  My complaints about the Daytrana patch was the skin irritation.  Her skin reddened and eventually scarred. It would take at least 2 hours in the morning to "kick-in" which was hell for her homeroom and 1st hr teachers. 2 hours after removal she was EXTREMELY hyperactive. Days without the patch were agonizing at best because her behavior was so over the top. She also did not eat while the patch was on. However, the benefits outweighed the negatives for me."
Review of Bupropion: "I've only been on it for 4 days but I refused to go back on Adderall. I require 2 30mg Adderall tablets a day and experience audio hallucinations after taking it for about 18 months. I have been off Adderall for 15 months. I told my Dr. I refuse to be back on it. I also suffer from an anxiety disorder. All of my mental health care is very well-documented from the time I was 14 years old. I am now 32 and at a place in my life where I do not want to take any stimulants to help me Focus. I do take lorazepam but I'm down to 15/ 2 milligram tablets a month from 60. I seem to have energy and increased concentration with Wellbutrin. Adderall keeps me more focused but it's not worth the side effects.  I also take 1/3mg of Lunesta to sleep."
Review of Bupropion: "This medicine has changed my life. Typical antidepressants (SSRI's) never worked for me, and if they did the effects wore off after a month or so. I've had mild symptoms of borderline personality disorder and moderate symptoms of ADHD, and after three months of taking it, I can't imagine being off of it. I can control my emotions, concentrate, and FINALLY FEEL JOY, for the first time in my life. My PMS symptoms are also way less intense. I did have mild anxiety in the first week and a bit of nausea for 3 weeks, but the side effects went away after a month or so. My mom tried it for her ADHD, but it didn't work for her, and it doesn't work for everyone. But if you know you have a severe dopamine deficiency (like I did), this medication is definitely worth a shot!"
Review of Intuniv: "It's has been a miracle. My son is 7 and on 1 mg for 8 weeks. He has PDD and ADHD.His impulsiveness and odd behavior last year was so bad that they took him out of the classroom and put him full time in autistic support room. They pulled all academics from him and were just trying to finish the year without him hurting any other kids. It was bad. I was looking at outpatient facilities for him in case we barely made it through the year. In summer we tried many medicines, all not effective. Last one was Intuniv. He was so tired for 3 weeks. Week 4 was when the miracle happened. His anger was gone, impulsiveness less. School started and things were great. He is back to the classroom. Has had no incidences of aggression. It has saved him."
Review of Vyvanse: "Had trouble sleeping."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I have ADHD and mild-to-moderate anxiety. Dexedrine 20 mg (2 x 10 mg) taken in the morning allows me to focus for about 8 hours, but I experience negative side effects including increased anxiety, raised blood pressure and difficulty sleeping. I used to experience moderate-to-severe depression at the end of the day when it would wear off, but I've been able to avoid this using buspirone 5 mg (taken once-an-hour for 4 hours starting 7.5 hours after I take the Dexedrine). Also, I take trazodone 12.5 mg before bed to help me sleep. Due to the side effects, I only take Dexedrine once or twice a week, when I need to get lots of work done. Adderall made me more anxious, and methylphenidate (e.g. Ritalin) didn't help me."
Review of Zenzedi: "I wrote previously about loving Zenzedi and switching to Adderall XR due to insurance. After 1 month of Adderall, I am going back to Zenzedi. Adderall was just not for me. I had mental issues all month long and just didn't focus as much. My family even noticed a difference. I called my Insurance and they approved Zenzedi easily."
Review of Daytrana: "I was diagnosed with ADD in elementary school.  I have taken 3 different kinds of ADD medication and Daytrana has worked the best BY FAR! Strattera made me feel weird as a child.  Adderall was terrible for me! I was mean and agitated easily, got headaches a lot, just an all around bad experience for me.  I had taken Daytrana in high school and liked it, so when I went home for Christmas break from my first semester at college and told my mom I wanted back on medication  I quit taking adderal, but NEEDED something bad! I went back on Daytrana have been on it for a year and half now and I made the Athletic Presidential Honour Roll for my conference! Daytrana= miracle and a yes, for all ADD people!"
Review of Adderall XR: "I am 25 years old. Over the last 3 years I have pretty muched ruined most of my relationships involving my career and my personal life. The most common symptoms I experience are: Difficulty concentrating and staying on task, caprishious behavior/severe mood swings, impulsive behavior/making irrational decisions that significantly impact my future, depression, and anxiety. I had a great job, and I had lots of friends. Unfortunately, difficult events took place that caused my emotional health to start spiraling out of control. I became diagnosed with ADD/ADHD in April 2013. Started Addrerall 30mg XR. It really helped me feel more motivated, less depressed, and I felt I could concentrate much better. I definitely recommend this medication!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My seven year old son is on it and he is so emotional. One minute he is fine the next he is crying and can't stop. As a mother this is very hard to deal with. I can't help him and he asking why is he feeling this way. I am going to have to stop giving him the medicine."
Review of Catapres: "It makes me sleepy during the day but helps with side effects of Wellbutrin (itching and stuttering). Helps me sleep at night so it is doing something for me."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Turned my life around 180*. I am 22 years old and I am shocked at which age kids get that stuff.Makes me wonder if parents actually look into this drug. I just cant understand how this could be good for a kid. Its a mix of speed and cocaine, seriously. Try it yourself before giving this to your kids. I can't stress this enough"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I'm 18 years old. I have been on Adderall for about 3 years and it is amazing. I'm ADHD. I have tried Vyvance which did nothing for me. I have also tried Ritalin which caused a complete mood change. I had very depressing thoughts and a overall bad mood. The littlest things would set me off. I thought I was going to kill. Adderall is what I found right for me. "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "This medicine (along with talk therapy) has helped me get my life back on track after being 98% disabled."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been able to focus so much more, I feel like my life is back in order. I'm able to do things that I would struggle with in the past. Some of the feelings in my body are numb when I do the activities, which is different. All my anxiety is gone. I don't feel hungry often, and I randomly crash for sleep. This is only the second day on it, so I'll see what happens next."
Review of Intuniv: "My 5 year old son started off on the generic version for 2 weeks before switching to the intuniv. He did OK on the generic tenex (not an extended release), it just made him drowsy. The 1St day on the intuniv (extended release) however, he was busy, could not sit still for nothing & sleep was not on his mind. 2nd day, his Dr. told me to up the dose to 2mg(b/c he had been taking 1mg of the generic 2 weeks prior). My son was worse! He was worse than he was before he started any of the meds. Dr. took him off & put him back on the generic, 1mg, no problems so far besides the drowsiness. Generic, $60 some bucks,  intuniv $300. Surprised the cheapest works better!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse has changed my life in the best way! It's almost like a motivation pill.  I can spend 12 hours in the library at a time studying, with little distractions. I made a 4.0 my first semester of college. I used to always want to work hard and study but could never quite pull it together, and with Vyvanse I can! The only downside is the dehydration. Remember to drink lots of water or you will get headaches!"
Review of Vyvanse: "I used this medication during the last school year, but it didn't help me much. My grades were still failing and I had no appetite. I was also very depressed. I have been off it for a while now, and my grades have significantly improved compared to what they were."
Review of Vyvanse: "I truly wanted to love Vyvanse. I have struggled with securing a stimulant prescription ever since I was diagnosed with inattentive type ADHD. I've read everything out there on Vyvanse and was so excited when my new doctor prescribed it for me. Also, I'm so used to waiting for drugs to start working (SSRIs mainly) that I kept waiting to write this review. What it's come down to is this: I really just don't know if Vyvanse works for me. I haven't noticed any significant changes at all. The things I have noticed are small and very possibly coincidental. I am currently taking 20mg, which I know is a relatively low dose, so I tried taking 40mg one day and felt like I wanted to die (nausea, anxiety, etc)."
Review of Adderall: "Do not take Adderall if high blood pressure runs in your family. Be especially careful not to take it if you have high blood pressure already. I had normal blood pressure until I started taking Adderall. Ever since, my blood pressure has been at least 130/80, and I have measured it at 162/88 while on the drug. I am a 20 year old male, and my dad has hypertension, which is where this incredible susceptibility comes from. I stopped taking it but I still have high readings, which only started when I began taking Adderall. Do yourself a big favor and harangue your doctors about Adderall if you or your family has a history of high blood pressure. You don't want to end up on BP meds."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I've been dealing with fatigue for yrs now and even if I'll sleep early I will still feel tired. Then I went back to school and I've been noticing that I just can't focus into what I'm studying and there's just too many darn freaking thoughts in my head and I will day dream or zone out at time in the mid of studying. I will jump from doing one thing jn my life to another just coz I feel exited about it. I like excitement so much that I keep loosing track of things! I asked my friend to give me two capsules to try n see what it will do to me and God it just feels like it opened up a new world of having organized thoughts and focus. I took 10mg went to doc got me an rx and now I'll see how to feel normal. if I had known... missed allot of yrs"
Review of Methylphenidate: "LOVE the way this medicine work.  We could just leave it on a little longer to get through homework time!  BUT the irritation was just too much for her skin.  She had raised whelps/sores for several weeks after discontinuing the meds."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My 6.5 year old son has been taking this medicine for over a year.  A few months after taking it, we switched him to Ritalin but the Ritalin made his behavior crazy.  I don't have much to complain about this medicine.  Any ADHD medication is going to make your child zombie-like.  My son takes 10MG XR in the morning and I can literally see the switch in his personality in about 10 minutes.  He is supposed to take 5mg non extended release after school, however, I hardly give that to him anymore.  I sometimes break the 5mg pill in half and just have him take 2.5mg to focus on his homework, if I see him struggling.  We just had his medication reduced to 5MG in the morning, 2.5 after lunch and 2.5 later in the afternoon - waiting to see how this works out."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My daughter has been taking this for 7 months with almost no side affects.  Her reading level increased from 3.1 to 4.5 in 6 months and her grades overall increased to A's.  Our only problem is that we are having behavior problems with her at home as the medication is wearing off, and prior to taking it in the morning.  We are currently adding another drug to see if it helps with this issue.  Her behavior at school has not changed."
Review of Vyvanse: "I've been on Vyvanse a few years and I remember the exact moment I realized it kicked in. Out of the blue I thought "oh my goodness" is this what normal feels like. My main reason for this post is in reading here I've noticed a couple of people have mentioned the expense. If you go to Vyvanse website you can get a savings card, the card brings the cost to $30:)"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm a 24 year old recovering alcoholic and drug addict, I've been misdiagnosed by many doctors, been on several medications such as lithium and prozac (which I reacted horribly too and sometimes ended up in a psych hospitals) as a result of those misdiagnosis and I was untreated for ADHD my entire life since I was first diagnosed at the age of 9. I've been on Vyvanse for over a year now under the direction of a new doctor/addiction specialist and this medication has CHANGED MY LIFE. It has made me more focused and productive, more motivated, less hyper, less anxious; it has also CURED my insomnia. This is the real me: balanced, organized, articulate, focused and productive. So happy a doctor finally got my diagnosis right."
Review of Ritalin LA: "I've been taking this drug for almost a year now and I find it to be extremely helpful. I only wish I had been taking this medication since middle school. I feel no side effects and it has really helped me focus on my day to day tasks. "
Review of Vyvanse: "This medication was basically my "savior." I was diagnosed in the Fall semester of my junior year of college and I was put on Adderall XR. I was a mess on the Adderall. I started 50 mg of Vyvanse and I take it everyday for work and school. It's amazing. The only real side effect I have is that I am more talkative. I love that you do not feel the peaks (with time release) with Vyvanse."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am an adult with ADD it has been a struggle my entire life. I am successful but as I moved up the ranks I have much more paper work and schedules to keep which is very hard for me. I have been on lots of different meds which all did not work or had bad side effects. I now take 50mg Vyanse every morning and it is great no side effects after the first 3 days I took it and it helps me stay on task with no evening crash."
Review of Concerta: "My son started on Concerta about a year ago. It has transformed his life.  I don't like giving medicine but I have tried absolutely everything else - swimming, brain gymnastics etc.. nothing really helped.  He is naturally bright but just couldn't concentrate - particularly when it came to classroom work and focusing on a project involving writing.  The transformation has been incredible. He had an excellent school report in every area.  His teachers are thrilled, he is confident and happy and enjoys school. He doesn't take Concerta in the holidays or at weekends and manages fine going back on it on a Monday morning.  Only one side effect which is lack of appetite. We ensure he goes to school with a good breakfast and then he has a huge meal when he gets home."
Review of Dexedrine: "I was on Adderal at 9, it worked okay. Then I was taken off treatment until the age of 19. I've been on it for a couple of weeks. I can tell that my focus is starting to get better and I notice that when I do certain chores around the house I do them to such depths and extremes. "
Review of Focalin: "37-year old female, 10 mgs about 4.30 AM; prescribed three days ago; used for ADD-like symptoms associated with Asperger's.  I feel more comfortable in my skin, focus lasts for more than 12 hours. Only problems: cannot eat apples without getting spacey for about a half-an-hour (used to eat them to boost focus and energy when my Strattera wore off after four hours), and have to really fight to focus during monthly cycle.  However, no other complaints, yet.  Also on Lisinopril (20 mgs) for blood-pressure and Metoprolol (betamblocker to reduce betawaves for anxiety; 25 mgs).  Concerta XR was good too and had the same effect."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was prescribed this by my doctor and it was terrible. I stopped taking it after 5 days because my doctor told me to. It made me angry all the time. It did not help my concentration. Also, 3 days after taking it I still have shortness of breathe, my heart is still beating hard, and the left part of my chest has immense pressure on it. I'm never taking this stuff again. Trust me, nobody needs it."
Review of Adderall XR: "I have been on Adderall for several years now and can't say enough good things about the medicine. It helps me to focus on tasks and now that I am in college, it has really helped with my studies. It took me a while to come to the realization that I needed something to help with my ADD and I am glad I was prescribed Adderall. The side effects for me have been loss of appetite. I would have insomnia but I take anti-anxiety medicine before going to bed, to counter-act the medication. My short and unscientific philosophy on Adderall is that it bridges the gap between wanting to do something and actually doing something."
Review of Methylphenidate: "This has been the best medication for my 10-yr old son, both in how it works and the fact that it's a liquid. He has severe ADHD. He can't swallow pills and the patch gave him a rash. He had tried a few capsule meds opened up & the extended release bead mixed in pudding. As soon as this came out, we switched him to Quillivant and he's had great success in managing his ADHD during the day. He starts having trouble at school around 1pm, so it does wear off somewhat, but overall we have been impressed with this medication. I will second the other reviewer's comment that you should get the Copay card from your prescriber that is given to them by the manufacturer so it only costs $20/month. You can get a new one each calendar year."
Review of Adderall XR: "This medicine is not to be taken lightly.  It helps very much. "
Review of Concerta: "I've been on Concerta XL for 3 years now I have two large (36mg the highest dose for my age) every morning. I suffer from ADHD well ADD and it really helps me feel motivated and helps me look forward to things. I lost 4 ish stone and went from 16.7 stone to 12 in 4 years as my adhd made me eat when I was bored/sad/happy and It really ruined my life. I don't have an appetite anymore and only eat in the afternoon once it's worn off. I do drink a lot of fluids as on the tablets I get thirsty. I'm more social and i enjoy everyday activities a lot more including chores. Negatives : the come down is awful and I usually slip into a depression but it is worth it ! I'd recommend it to anyone !"
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Have been taking Dexedrine spansules (10 mg) for over 2 years,three times per day.I never knew i had rank ADHD all my life,problems with school,the law,i am 47,and have noticed my ambition for life has increased,having more energy,i used to be tired alot,complaining,generally overall agitated at the same time,as well i have many comorbidies to deal with,but fortunately,don't have to take any anxiety meds. Dexedrine is all i know,and i am satisfied with the results."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 12 years old son started Vyvanse 30mg more than one month ago. He is happy with the result in school. But what bothers me is he is kind of in slow motion especially in school (the teachers reported that)."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My daughter is 5 and they recently put her on this medication an she is doing a lot better since taking it. The only down side I have seen is as the day goes on she gets really whinny/moody, but she can focus at school a lot better and is a lot happier an nicer."
Review of ProCentra: "I am a 24 year old female diagnosed in my 20's with adult ADHD. I spent my entire childhood unable to focus on tasks, finish anything I started, behave and sit still in the classrooms. I scraped by barely with C's and D's in grade school. Eventually focusing became so hard to do with people around that I had my parents homeschool me. Fast forward to now, I am currently in my first semester of college, and I have a 4.0 GPA. This medicine works wonders. I normally cannot function at all. I am disorganized, and always have racing thoughts. On ProCentra I am calm, focused, and organized. I finish tasks, and manage my time better. I take 10mg. a day, oral solution. This medication is also covered on my insurance, with only a $10 co-pay. Love it!"
Review of Vyvanse: "This is a miracle pill. It has helped with everythingAnd I don't have am appetite hardly at all now. But after 3 weeks of being on 50 mg it stopped working until around 3 in the afternoon and I feel very tired. Doctor is supposed to hopefully up my dosage. But it really is the best and gives me a happy good energetic mood. Better then Adderall."
Review of Methylphenidate: "After my 10 year tried about every medication he started Daytrana it is absolutely the miracle medication. He is in honors classes and is able tolerate his day to day routine. We put it on him before he gets up in the morning. Without the medication or on oral doses he is very unmanageable and even aggressive at times. We use Ritalin tablets when he does not have school this helps with his weight but his behavior is out of control. He really can not go to school without his patches. We need the Daytrana!!!!!!!"
Review of Ritalin: "I've been taking it for 7 years and it turned my life around. I am severely dyslexic and have ADD and am on 30mg to 40mg a day. However, as of recent it has started making me slightly disorientated and even slightly sleepy, and my thoughts come faster than I speak (used to happen before I started taking Ritalin with my dyslexia) but it feels worse. I just started interning at an Ad company so not the best of times! "
Review of Atomoxetine: "I currently take Topamax (for migraines) fluoxetine (Prozac)and Klonopin. I had tried Concerta but that "pooped" out on me fairly quickly so I was suggested to try Strattera. I was hesitant at first knowing that there was a very low percentage rate of those for which the drug has actually worked successfully for but knowing my own body and mind maybe it would be a great idea to give it a shot. At first the side effects did start the headaches and the occasional upset stomach but they went away with time as my body got used to the medication and the higher dosage. No matter what, you should give this drug a chance."
Review of Strattera: "My husband has ADD, and it really took a toll on our relationship.  He was originally on Vyvanse, but it suppressed his appetite horribly.  It didn't do enough in ratio to the side effects, so he decided to try Strattera.So far, it's been working decently.  His main problem, however, is being able to urinate freely.  I bought him Urinozinc Prostate Formula, and literally the first pill he took, he was able to urinate much more easily.  Conversely, when he forgot a pill the other day, he noticed an immediate difference, and struggled to urinate.  The supplement has allowed him to stay on Strattera.I note this stuff, as I have read that this is a common issue for men taking Strattera.  Hope this helps others."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse had "decent" effectiveness and minimal side effects . It was also (pretty much) the most effective medicine for me, despite it not being all that great at relieving many of my ADHD symptoms. (I have tried Dexedrine, Concerta, Adderall XR and, of course, Vyvanse)."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Took Ritalin when I was first diagnosed with ADHD. Because I was older (20's) and taking such a high dosage (60 mg morning, 60 mg afternoon, 20 mg late day) they changed me to a more sustained release drug.  "
Review of Methylphenidate: "Was put on this drug roughly a year ago started at 20mg  it litterarally turned my life around It gave me great symptom relief all day with little to no side effects unfortunately after 6 months this medication slowly lost  it's effectiveness I am now on 80mg a day and only get roughly 2-3 hour symptom relief which is dissapointing but expected due to tolerance so I will be changing medication soon. But I have to say while it worked ritalin la was the best medication i have been on yet with very little side effects.."
Review of Strattera: "I loved the way Adderall helped with my ADD (adult). I was able to get soooo much done while on it."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 43 female ADHD, tried other medications, hated the up and down jittery feelings.  Started Vyvanse 30mg 6 months ago, moved to 70mg now. This medication has helped me achieve major improvements in my concentration & focus. Only downsides are dry mouth & it does not hold me through the 12 hour time stated. I get about 8 hrs. My daughters started Vyvanse 50. My 15yr olds grades are up & my 20 yr old said, If this is how normal people focus and think, I'm jealous. OVERALL A WONDERFUL HELP  :)"
Review of Dyanavel XR: "My 5 1/2 year old son was given this in the past month. We switches from Quillivant XR. This is much better for him. He thinks much more clearly, can focus,  have a conversation.  He doesn't have the anxiety that Quillivant was causing or the emotional crash when the medicine wore off. It's very expensive even with insurance since its so new, but the doctor gave us a discount card to make it very affordable and another problem is all pharmacies don't carry it. Overall much better for his ADHD and less side effects.  His school even noticed an immediate difference."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "For me Dexedrine helped get tasks done. I currently 22 year old male. I can focus tremendously in university. Also have a huge increase in libido with my girlfriend so overall can say it's working for me."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 14 year old girl and last year when in 8th grade I found out I was ADD. My doctor prescribed me Vyvanse. At first it took me a couple weeks to find out what worked for me (when to take it, eat first or after etc.). My grades at the time were horrible and they went up after I started taking Vyvanse. I have had a few of the side effects (dry mouth, loss of appetite, weight loss etc.) but this medication helps me focus a lot more."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Wow, I'm really surprised with the reviews of this drug. This drug should not be taken for ADHD. There are many (safer) alternatives. I don't know, maybe I was just unlucky...I was prescribed Ritalin at around the age of 5-6, and from day one I had extreme fatigue, weren't interested in any other activity but sleep. It made learning from not interesting to impossible. After a couple of months taking it I had lost a lot of weight...by that time the doctors had to take me off Ritalin. It has caused me to be underweight ever since (I'm 20 now). If your child(ren) are hyperactive you should really consider cutting of the high amounts of sugar that they are exposed to in this day of age. Don't drug them, they will soon develop in a mature being."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I began Strattera two days ago and the first day I had problems urinating immediately. I also noticed problems holding an erection. Day two was even worse as I could hardly urinate and when I got sexually exited I could not have an erection at all. I have never had sexual problems before and urinating has always been normal. I blame Strattera because it's the only new medication I was taking. I also take Lithium for depression and Prozac for my sexual addiction. "
Review of Atomoxetine: "Was only on this for 4 days. I yook 25mg in the mornings. The side effects were bad and got progressively worse. My head felt weird and also headaches that lasted hours on end. Took extra long to fall asleep the third day. I barely ate the third and fourth day because the naseua was so bad. I would eat something small then feel like vomitting. The last day I tried to take it before bedtime as directed to try to sleep through the bad parts, but ended up calling off work because of severe insomnia. I would not recommend this stuff for anyone. Stay away from this stuff!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I knew I struggled with ADD in college but refused to go on medication because of the stigma associated with Adderall. My father has ADD as well and refused medications. Now at 56 he is homeless, can't hold down a job, can't control his finances, health, or any responsibilities. When I graduated college and started my full-time job I realized that I was heading towards the same path as my pops. I love my job and am very passionate about it, but following instructions or staying on task during an 8 hour work day was IMPOSSIBLE. 5mg of XR/day (2x on my v. busy days) saved my job and life! I feel like I finally have a clutch to support me with my disability now. It has improved every aspect of my life: social, financial, academic, etc."
Review of Focalin: "I'm not impressed with this medication.  My daughter was having some issues with Vyvanse, so her doctor put her on this.   Unfortunately she's back to her old self, completely out of control, taking hours to do a 15 minute assignment, playing with her paper, staring off into space, not focusing, etc.  First thing tomorrow I'm calling her doctor and putting her back on Vyvance. Last thing I want is for her grades to slip, she's already struggling enough as it is to keep them up. The nail biting from Vyvanse is just a minor side effect that we can deal with for now, otherwise she'll fail 3rd grade entirely."
Review of Guanfacine: "My 10 year old son has severe ADHD and Autism. He has been on Intuniv for almost a year starting with 1mg and progessively until 4mg.  While it did help a bit with his sleep at night, we have taken him off the medication with no difference in his behavior other than he seems to have fewer and less severe meltdowns.  I don't think it did much for him."
Review of Focalin XR: "Worst 10 year experience of my life! It gave me bi-polar disorder OCD and even worse ADHD!! It made me get very very very bad anxiety and it felt like I was gonna have a heart explode!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This particular generic Adderall does not work at all (M A20).  I was diagnosed with ADHD late in life after thinking I was stupid and shy for many years. I have been. on Adderall  20 mgs for approximately six years and it changed my life completely. . I was able to concentrate and earn a degree in early childhood education. For the past three months I have been given this particular generic Adderall and I'm now back to square one of not being able to concentrate, can't speak to my peers on topics that I know like the back of my hand, don't want to go out, etc, I don't understand the difference in the different types of generics but I feel cheated out of my life because of my pharmacy."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I have currently been taking Dexedrine spansules for 16 years. 90 mg a day. ADHD had ruined my life up until I was 36 years old. Now all the standard symptoms are under control and have been since I started the medication. I would personally check with a good doctor if you are suffering with this disorder."
Review of Strattera: "The first month on Strattera, I did not feel well. It made me tired and grumpy. Then, after it stopped being a nuisance, it started being nothing. No help, ZERO. Waste of time, money and liver. I quit cold turkey after my 6th month script ran out. Too expensive to continue paying a lot of money for ZERO. (I no longer had the same insurance that had a copay. I do not know how much it would have cost with my new insurance)."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son has been on Concerta for about 4 years now. He started when he was 6 yrs and will be 11yrs in 2 weeks. He was put on this medicine starting with 18mg. Over time he was gradually put on higher dose as his age and weight increased. He is now on 54mg. Since my son has been on this medicine he has developed seizures because Concerta lowers the seizure threshold. He was diagnosed last year 2010. He has paranoia, fearfulness, psychosis, headaches, nervousness, aggression, mood swings, trouble going to sleep, and doesn't want to eat a lot. He has had suicidal thoughts and depression."
Review of Amphetamine: "I have bipolar I disorder with psychotic and depressive features and a diagnosis of ADHD. I take meds for all three conditions. I take Vyvanse 50mg in the AM. When that wares off, I take Evekeo 10 mg twice every 4-5 hours, PM. I also take my stimulants with Ativan as I also have anxiety too. Evekeo is perfect for me. It doesn't make me feel hyper nor does it give me that 'high' feeling. It normalizes me and I can actually be driven and calm at the same time. Since I take two stimulants, you're probably wondering how in the world. All I can say is that Vyvanse doesn't last all day long for me, so I supplement with Evekeo. I take Evekeo once Vyvanse wares out. I'm happy with them both."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Wow what a difference maker.  I am a young Male (30ish) and have found that Vyvanse has been such a life changer. I am gettiing so much more done at work. When I go home at night I find myself enjoying my time with my children more. I am not getting the crash effect I was experiencing with other medicines. That reason alone is so worth it. I have not had any side effects, well maybe minor dry mouth, but it last me 12-13 hours.  It is truly an awesome medication. I would recommend it."
Review of Methylin: "My son is 6 and has been on this medication for a week and has shown improvement at school. He has been able to work independently on his work sheets and gets through his work faster. He is very smart but didn't have the focus to complete a task but I have noticed he has loss of appetite and not going to sleep at night which is bothersome to me because he was always such a good eater and sleeper. So might have to look into other medicines."
Review of Adderall XR: "I agree with the person who stated there must be a quality control issue as sometimes it feels as if I never took the medicine at all.  Next script I am going to check the capsules just so I can be sure.  Hydration may be an issue as well."
Review of Bupropion: "This medicine has literally helped so much,  I take it with my Adderall but on occasions I'm out of Adderall this is where this medicine is awesome it helps withdrawals,  my mood energy I think it's one of the best medicine is out there"
Review of Bupropion: "My husband was dxed with adhd as adult at my urging due to impulsiveness, anxiety, inability to hold a job and scattered memory.  He was on Wellbutrin initially but changed to Adderall which was effective. Over the years he was on Strattera which lost effectiveness and was placed back on wellbutrin at his request. He has diabetes type 2 and anxiety and hypertension. Only on medication for a week and I am ready to pull my hair out. His anxiety is through the roof. Can't sit still but must watch TV while playing on phone. His blood glucose was panic value last night  (441-normal 70-110), repeated himself multiple times, impulsive, left to play tennis but returned because forgot tennis racket and balls,  then coffee, two more things. Not okay!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I've been taking Adderall XR 25mg going on my 4 month. It has helped me tremendously! I'm more focused and alert now. I don't feel as drawn out like I used too. I'm also on anxiety medicine taking both helps balance myself.  I have a hard time wanting to eat since I've started taking Adderall, a lot of times I have to force myself to eat, but it has helped me lose 25 pounds!!! I find myself grinding my teeth a lot not sure why, but that's the worse side effect I experience from taking it. I feel more healthy now than I have in a long time, I will continue taking this medication."
Review of Concerta: "My son took 18mgs for 2 days and it was like there were five children wrapped up in him at one time.  He was nasty, negative, unhappy, and would not stop moving for 3 days after his second dose. We and the doctors were shocked at this reaction."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I am a really happy person and this drug made me depressed. I did not want to hang out with my friends and I would randomly cry. Do not do it.  It does not even help with your ADHD"
Review of Metadate CD: "My son is 11 and has been taking Metadate CD for 4 years.  He is now taking 30mg in the morning.  He is very thin and has no appetite during the day, but when his appetite comes back at bedtime we always let him eat as much as he wants.  When he doesn't take this medication he says he can't do any of his work at school so we feel it really benefits him.  He still has a lot of trouble with disorganization and being moody and sometimes aggressive, especially in the evenings when he is coming down off the medicine.  He also has some headaches still, but not too much trouble sleeping.  His behavior and ability to finish his school work all depend on whether he has had his medication though."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son was DX with ADHD in Kindergarten.  We have tried several different medicines.  Vyvanse has been the best one yet.  He is calmer and more focused in class.  As with the other drugs he does experience side effects: no appetite, a little on the moody side.  Overall this has been the best medicine we have tried to date."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I am 20 and was only diagnosed with ADHD about 6 months ago. I tried Ritalin first and it did nothing for me, but then I was prescribed dexedrine and it has been a life saver. There's definitely some odd but kind of fun side effects for me. I get extremely into whatever I'm doing, which is super helpful for school, but sometimes a bit awkward in social situations because I enjoy conversation a little too much and worry that I annoy people. It makes me really ambitious and I feel the need to learn/accomplish things while I'm on it, but not physical things unfortunately, like working out or cleaning haha. I usually start doing homework, planning things or doing research. It's going to help me succeed in school so much more now."
Review of Amantadine: "Caused tiredness and constipation."
Review of Adderall: "I actually have ADD. This may work for many people, but it gave me bad chest pain."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Before taking Vyvanse, I was on Adderall, then Adderall XR for my ADD. Neither were near as helpful for energy or concentration. Vyvanse was able to give me energy and concentration that lasted all day without making me jittery (except the first few weeks I was getting used to it), or wearing off.  My doctor gave me an attention test to see if I needed Vyvanse. I scored in the lowest percentile. After being on it a couple months, finding my dosage, I took the test again and scored in the top percentile. Since then, (seven years later) we've only had to up the dosage once, and that was because I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia, which aggravated all my mental conditions."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Been on this medicine since I was 11. Been upping the dosage up to 60mg from 15, now 17 years old still taking. Incredibly good at keeping my attention and solving ADHD. Used to be a troublemaker, now in college preparing for university, but has minor side effects for example I feel down and depressed randomly.  I also feel drowsy for a little while."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Some of these experiences are quite alarming! I never experienced the really harsh side effects such as depression, suicidal thoughts and any other bad side effects. I've been taking Concerta ever since I was 8. I was taken off of Concerta when I was 21 and I actually went down hill after that. I lost a lot of my friends and I can't control my thoughts, day dreams and mood swings and my performance at my job declined rapidly to the point where I almost lost it. I am 23 now and just got back on Concerta and am super happy with how it has organized my mind! ."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My doctor tried to put me on this. It gave me heartburn and a bad headache. I was not able to control bowel movements either. Sometimes I would actually stain the back of my pants. One good thing is I had an erection for hours. It did make me lose 40 pounds the first month I was on it though."
Review of Focalin: "I waited a couple of months before I wrote a review because I wanted to make sure it worked. My son, 7yrs old, has been on focal for 3 months. He is doing wonders with it. It helps him stay grounded to get all his daily tasks done and his concentration in school has been awarded by teachers and peers. The only issue is loss of appetite which in turned made him loose 13 pounds in 3 months. With the help of his pediatrician and the staff at the school were on top of him now with a high protein diet and snacks throughout the day."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Works great for my ADHD. It's the first drug I was prescribed for it and I think I'll be sticking with it. The only effects other than helping with focus that I've had so far are some extra energy and a little bit of a reduction in appetite. I'll have to switch to immediate release next month though, since the extended release pills are still a little bit expensive."
Review of Vyvanse: "I LOVE this, wish they had higher doses. I am way more effective and way more responsive at work and at home. I was worried about being dependent on it but it gave me my life back, plus I'm now sleeping better and feeling more rested."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have to say that this has been a great drug that has done so many good things for my Granddaughter that I have adopted. She is 7 years old with ADHD.  She was so unhappy and would even tell me that she knew something wasn't right and wanted to be a good kid like the ones in her class room. She was in tears and asking for help. This is the first drug for her ADHD and it has worked great! Some side effect not eating and not sleeping good at night. But over all this drug has work great so far."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 45 years old with 2 sons with ADHD.  I've always known that I also have ADHD, but it wasn't officially diagnosed until 2 months ago.  My doctor put me on an escalating dose of Vyvanse, starting at 30mg and upped to 50mg.   I am so glad I finally sought treatment and my physician prescribed this medication.  I can read something and pay attention to the words I am reading for the first time in my whole life.  I don't have to re-read and re-read until I can concentrate on the words.  My thoughts are much more organized, and I don't feel like a spinning top.  I have not experienced any negative side-effects, and I am sleeping better.I know that others have had some bad effects with this drug, but it is a miracle medicine for me."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I have no insurance and currently back in school for counseling, social worker.... lets say Human Resources. I am 34 years old, can't get insurance with parents, I'm way over 25! I clean homes and babysit to get extra cash for gas and needs and thankfully my parents have extra rooms, also luckily I have no kids. Was getting my 70mg Vyvanse meds paid all for with card, but after renewing was denied due to couldn't read Dr's last name and no proof of income..have none. Was currently taking 30mg Adderall 2x per day, Dr. wanted to try this and luckily about same price, now the Adderall is now half as much, so I must sacrifice.  This medicine is by far the best medication I have found for my condition. May just have to pay more for this, best!!!"
Review of Wellbutrin: "I've been on Wellbutrin for over a year now and I will probably be on it for the rest of my life.  I have a dry mouth occasionally, food doesn't taste as good as it used to, and it makes me sweat a little more than normal, but without this medication I would be in a fetal position, in bed and crying most of the time.  I would never even consider going off of it. I've tried for just a couple of days and the old symptoms of sadness start to set in.  I took Zoloft for a while and it made me gain weight and I just wanted to sleep all the time. I was a zombie.  If it weren't for Wellbutrin, I would probably be a recluse.  Nothing interested me and I didn't want any social interaction.  Now, I can't wait to get out and be around people. GOOD!"
Review of Daytrana: "Daytrana really helped with my ADD, as it is a time release patch rather than a pill, and the pills don't usually keep me medicated long enough. I process them too fast. So the patches work great. Minimal skin irritation. However, it may have caused some kind of dependency issue. Because I now rely on the Daytrana to help me focus, I find it difficult to focus without it, to the point of being unmotivated and grumpy if I don't apply the patch. But nothing major."
Review of Modafinil: "I really love Provigil. I used it for ADD. Provigil helped me stay focused and motivated. The only side effect was if I took it to late in the day I might have a little trouble getting to sleep. It makes sense because it is a stimulant. It is a great drug for ADD because it doesn't cause all those nasty side effects other ADD drugs have. Unfortunately I have to stop using it because insurance won't cover Provigil because it has not been approved to be used as an ADD drug. Completely disappointing. It truly is an amazing drug for ADD."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am taking this medicine for ADD. Very positive, this medication has changed my life. I am much more productive. Only side effects are loss of appetite and increased anxiety."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been taking Vyvanse 30mg for 2 weeks for adult ADHD. It has been very helpful for me to stay on task at work and get things done that normally I would have a hard time with. I used to get very overwhelmed with what needed to be done and completely shut down, not getting anything done at all! Then beating myself up for being a procrastinator etc. I have not had any issues with insomnia or any other side effects, besides the normal appetite suppression during the day, which as resulted in an 8lb weight loss in 2 weeks. No complaints here as I need to lose about 20. I recommend not drinking more than 1 or 2 cups of coffee while taking this. I did once and was jacked up. Not a good feeling. I highly recommend taking this if you are an attention deficit"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My son was diagnosed at six years old. (ADHD).  He's been on Focalin EX 30 mg for four years.  Works amazing he's able to concentrate and focus in school."
Review of Adderall: "This drug has helped me a lot to improve my grades in school, very much recommended for people with ADHD."
Review of Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: "Been taking Nordic Naturals Fish Oil for over 2 years and it has seriously had a positive effect. The only problem is, I started to try the Cod liver oil and it makes me feel really dizzy and strange."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've taken Concerta on and off since I was 9 so 11 years now. I've taken every ADHD pill ever made and this one is by far the best out of them all. It has helped me a lot in life. I was able to focus in school and I always had good grades. If you miss a dose you can definitely feel it both mentally and physically.  I was able to graduate at the age of 16 and start working full time. I'm not sure where I would be In life without this truly amazing pill. I would recommend to anyone who would benefit from it."
Review of Vyvanse: "A miracle pill. First time in my life I finally feel normal and can function like a normal person."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "For my Depression, ADHD, fatigue, PTSD Syndrome I take a combination of dextroamphetamine tablets and time release capsules, between 8am and noon. The caps helps alleviate that evening crash I used to get when the tablets wear off pretty quickly. Some days I may take 30mg & others up to 45mg. I choose  depending on my needs for the day."
Review of Strattera: "My family and I love this drug. They say it calms me down alot. I don't get stressed out about a lot of things. It just relaxes me."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "Worst 10 year experience of my life! It gave me bi-polar disorder OCD and even worse ADHD!! It made me get very very very bad anxiety and it felt like I was gonna have a heart explode!"
Review of Adderall: "It was very effective. My insurance will not pay it for me but Doctor gave me samples. I think I finally found the right medicine for me with other medicines."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Then put me on 20mg, and now I am on 40 mg. Throughout this whole trial, I have noticed a huge difference. I do have less appetite like everyone else does. But that don't bother me. I am over weight already. I also concentrate way better. I am much happier during the day and my patience has increased. He did put me on Lexapro for my anxiety and that is all going good as well."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Very strong. The best ADHD medication. It's very, very costly but works great. I highly recommend it. I finally feel normal and like Visa, "that's truly priceless". I am 22 years old and been on all ADD medicines. Finally found one that's perfect for me. Life is great. Even great for my depression. It's a miracle drug. Thanks for your time."
Review of Adzenys XR-ODT: "Simply the best. The only side effect of this med is increased concentration and dry mouth :). It doesn't make me feel like my heart is racing or that my blood pressure is up. I'm really happy with this med. I had a hard time sticky with Concerta and other off brands, and I didn't like any of the adderall products. Since starting this, I haven't missed a single dose."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Prior to beginning taking two 30 mg Zenzedi a day, my life consisted of a boring monotonous and down right annoying daily drudgery, which some refer to as work.....However, now, four months later, I'm buying a house, I have a better job in the same field which I absolutely love, I'm beginning to budget my money, and daily I plan for the future. Rather than living paycheck to paycheck and seeing no end in sight, I now have a fool proof plan to pay my bills on time and have enough left over to unashamedly spend on nonessentials.In short, my life has taken a turn for the best since starting this medication. Prior to this I never believed that any pharmaceutical could help anyone at all, but now, I see that I was just young and foolish."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Side effects: Dry mouth, anxiety (if used when tired), euphoria, hyperfocus (when dose too high)Adderall allows me to concentrate and study for a reasonable amount of time while also offering flexibility on when I use it; both XR and short-release are quick in-and-out drugs, unlike SSRIs. My performance improved dramatically with use of Adderall, but there were definitely a few cons.Hyperfocus is a huge problem that alluded me for a few months. Because Adderall affects the brain, it distorts the user's reality. I felt that I was getting a lot done, and it wasn't until my colleagues at work told me that I was garbage at multitasking that I realized my dose was too high. Beware of this. Focus =/= productivity"
Review of Methylphenidate: "This has been life changing in a positive way, I never thought I had an issue and finally at 29 I mentioned it to my doctor who first prescribed Adderall I believe, I didn't like it. I mentioned it figuring I might as well give up, and then he suggested I try Concerta. Since that point my focus has gone up and I realize I did have an issue all these years! I don't take it Sundays to give my mind a break, only take it if you need it and don't abuse it."
Review of Adderall: "I am on the IR version and I agree with the person who commented that you forget to eat.  I have lost 12 pounds over the last six months and I have to remember to eat.  As they stated I do get foggy headed and kind of high feeling at times, but when I eat something and remember to take my vitamins since I don't eat as much I am fine.  I am older and I did it so I could study for the CPA exam because I could not keep my mind focused on the study materials.  My work performance has improved phenomenally as well.  My boss noticed at my next review and even commented that I seemed different.  My attention to detail had improved and I was staying focused on my tasks so much better.  Makes me wish I had done something like this long ago."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Ive had a history abusing Adderall here and there due to my addictive nature so being prescribed this medicine raised concerns between my family and doctor. Because of my horrible ADHD we decided to give it a chance and its nothing compared to the 'kick in the nuts' Adderall is known for. My grades have improved in school, my mood is slightly elevated and my cavings for sugar have ceased. It has not affected my sleep and so far works great. This is my experience and everyone reacts differently. I highly suggest this medication for anyone like me who has ADHD and possible addiction issues. Its rate of abuse is very slim because it seems to 'ceiling' like Suboxone for opiate addicts. Lets go build some robots!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am an adult, 54 years old, who was diagnosed with Adult ADD two years ago.  Adderall XR has made a huge difference in my quality of life.  I now have the ability to organize my day and focus on what I need to get done.  I fell very calm and can filter out all unecessary distractions.  I don't procrastinate like I use to whic has eliminated the unecessary anxioty in my life.  I work closely with my doctor to make sure that I am on the right dosage. i wish I had known about this 45 years ago!"
Review of Guanfacine: "Increased dose from 1mg to 2 mg now urinating in bed every night"
Review of Concerta: "My son is 13 yrs old and has been on Concerta for a couple of months for ADD.  He is doing great on it.  He is able to focus and his grades are back to A's and B's.  One thing I like about this medicine is that he is not losing weight on it.  He still has a great appetite.  The first two weeks his appetite was affected a little but now back to normal.  I would recommend this medication.  I even get positive feedback from his school."
Review of Focalin XR: "It makes me feel full and a bit depressed...but I do enjoy doing all my work and making good grades."
Review of Guanfacine: "Brain damaged/ developmental delay: I have a 5 year old who has been on Intuniv for 6 months after other medicine did not work. On Intuniv she is no longer up all night, aggressive at school and able to concentrate on her school work (she has been in school since age 3 in special education). I only wish the company would lower the 'age' on the medication so it would be covered under her adoption assistance Medicaid, its expensive at $153.00 a month."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am 25 years old. Over the last 3 years I have pretty muched ruined most of my relationships involving my career and my personal life. The most common symptoms I experience are: Difficulty concentrating and staying on task, caprishious behavior/severe mood swings, impulsive behavior/making irrational decisions that significantly impact my future, depression, and anxiety. I had a great job, and I had lots of friends. Unfortunately, difficult events took place that caused my emotional health to start spiraling out of control. I became diagnosed with ADD/ADHD in April 2013. Started Addrerall 30mg XR. It really helped me feel more motivated, less depressed, and I felt I could concentrate much better. I definitely recommend this medication!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was on Vyvance for just under 1 year.  It worked really well.  However as the year went on my mouth got dryer and dryer, until I could only eat soft foods.  I talked to the Doctor and I went off them in the middle of January.   About 3 weeks ago I started a new med called AdderallXR and I can feel my mouth is starting to dry but not like the Vyvance.  While in the USA I found some mini "brush on the go" toothbrushes made by Colgate, called Wisp Max Fresh.  With dryness my teeth always feel like I have a film on them.  Today I used one of the brushes and and it really made my teeth and the dryness feel better.  No  need for water or rinsing.  Maybe I can cut down on the gum and candy. We'll see!"
Review of Modafinil: "Have taken both Nuvigil 250-375 and Provigil 200-300 (1 to 1.5 tabs of each) They are wonderful for both memory and  Attention (don't have Hyperactive/Impulsive criteria);  Not amphetamines, I have stopped suddenly with no withdrawal whatsoever;  Schedule 4 not 2--Dont have to see Dr every month. No side effects at all for me"
Review of Atomoxetine: "Hi, 36 year old male here.  I've been on Strattera for 2 weeks already and so far so good.  My metabolism has always been fast so I noticed an improvement on the 1st day!  I was able to concentrate and focus at work and it has enabled me to focus in class(I'm in grad school).  For me, the medicine kicks in about 1/2 hour after I take it and for the first 10-15 minutes or so, I get a sort of sleepy feeling but once I start a mental activity, it goes away.  Its very weird because I tried to take it at night and although it gives me that "sleepy" feeling, the medicine keeps my brain awake.  One time I took it at 9pm and I couldn't fall asleep till 4am!  After that event, I just find it better to take it in the morning after my workout."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I started taking this my senior year in high school, and after 6 months on it, my GPA has come up at least 1 point! I take it during the week, and I have no problems with headaches or loss of appetite, and it helps wake me up and keep me up. I love it!"
Review of Concerta: "I really like Concerta. I was on Adderall before but had really bad anxiety and sleep side effects and even more side effects, so my doctor gave me a Concerta prescription and I took it and felt so energized and focused. I love Concerta so much the only complaint would be it lowers my appetite and gives me a bad mood sometimes but I use Prozac to balance that out and this medicine is amazing, I tested it on video games and kept winning because how focused I was. This medicine is great for ADHD I highly reccomend it."
Review of Adderall: "Great"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Today was my first day on this medication (30mg). I am 27 year old female, diagnosed at 14 with ADHD. I was prescribes dexies when diagnosed and because of the strength of the narcotic, I wasn't able to continue them and chose to find alternative ways to deal with my ADHD. As a full time university student and a single mother, I find it difficult to stay focused and keep up with my daily routine. I felt completely overwhelmed recently to the point I would procrastinate and nothing would get done. That in itself caused me anxiety. It was triggered because of that fact I am dealing with a custody battle and that issue has consumed my attention, and felt because of that I was unable to do the things I needed to accomplish. So far so good."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 33 and have struggled with ADHD for as long as I can remember.  I was prescribed Vyvanse for the first time 6 months ago.  I noticed a huge difference within just a couple days.  Unlike Ritalin and Adderall, I'm not moody and it actually works the entire day.  My focus and concentration has improved greatly and so has my quality of life.  The only drawbacks are that I've noticed a decreased appetite and usually it takes an hour or two to "kick in".  I don't take it on weekends to help avoid developing a tolerance (this was per my physician's advice) and I seem to be restless at night on days when I don't take it.  But overall, Vyvanse has helped me more than any other ADHD medication I've ever been on.  Strongly recommended!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am 21, I'm studying in physics and I have been on adderall for almost 2 years now. I started at 15 mg and I am now at 25 mg. It was good the first year, very effective. But now, I don't think it really helps. I feel sleepy with it and I lost attention very quickly. I don't think the dose is the problem, I feel the effect and I think that increasing the dose will augment the anxiety cause by it (I noticed that each time I had to augment the doses, the side effects was worst). I'm gonna return to Ritalin tonight, it was way more effective. Or maybe another one with methylphenidate. Concerta didn't works for me, maybe biphentin should."
Review of Dexedrine: "By far the best medication I have tried for ADHD. It is great for someone who also social anxiety or anxiety in general. With Ritalin I had many negative side effects one of which is anxiety. Dexedrine is great. I do not even need to take my clonazepam (Klonopin) during the day because Dexedrine is so smooth."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have taking 20 mg and must say that it's the best medicine for me. I can concentrate, feeling peace in my mind. I'm also bipolar and before elvanse I tried medicine concerta and ritalin which made me more depressed and when they was going away from body I felt like awful. Elvanse is just a miracle medicine, I don't feel when it goes away. The only side effect of medicine is : dry mouth, not feeling hungry. Don't forget to eat and drink water because if you don't do it your bloodsugar will go down and you gonna feel ill,bad,headache !! I recomend this medicine !"
Review of Vyvanse: "Im 17 and have always had a hard time with my depression and Bi-polar disorder. I take medication for them and it's helped but there was still my motivation lacking. I was prescribed Vyvanse and the first day I took it I knew it was the miracle I had been waiting for. It helps my motivation tremendously whether its school work or not, I get more done. And am actually enthusiastic about doing it. The only semi bad thing about it I would say is anxiety. My arms especially get very anxious."
Review of Vyvanse: "I started taking Vyvanse 2 weeks ago and it has helped with my focus, patience, anxiety and depression. My doctor tells me I have a mix of ADD/ADHD so he prescribed me on 50mg. I am worried though about all of these side effects I have been hearing about that could happen. The only side effects I have gotten is bruising easily and loss of appetite in which i force myself to eat because I end up feeling like I will pass out. Other than that I highly recommend vyvanse!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I suffer from ADD.  I take 30mg twice a day. It works very well for me, however sometimes I get wicked headaches in my frontal/temple areas which I am sure is a side effect of the Adderall. I am going to see my Doctor in a week and talk this over with him.  I also notice that sometimes I feel really sleepy after I take a dose. "
Review of Vyvanse: "I started Vyvanse about 5 months ago.  My doctor first had me on Focalin which helped, but didn't seem to get me all the way there.  Since I have generalized anxiety disorder he started with Focalin.  He said Focalin was a gentler medication.  After about 2 weeks he started Vyvanse at 20mg. I really started to like the medication: more focus, motivation.  I have worked my way up to 50mg.  After a couple of weeks on each dose, the medication doesn't last the whole 12 hours.  I do really like the medication.  I just hope that I don't have to keep going up with the dosage."
Review of Vyvanse: "I've started taking Vyvanse about a year ago and for the first six months it was fantastic, I could concentrate and my grades were stellar. I was noticing some depression and random bouts of anger, but I just shrugged it off because it had been a rough school year. However, around September 2010 I ran out and the doctor couldn't see me until december (I know, it's crazy). Of course, I couldn't concentrate as well but my mood improved considerably, I was actually happy. I started taking it again in January and on the second day, I saw an ex-girlfriend that I still really liked and I almost broke down in tears. The drug does it's job, but for my personal experience it has played with my emotions. "
Review of Dexedrine: "I wouldn't use any other type of ADHD medication! Adderall & many of the newer ADHD medications cause agitation & symptoms that make my condition worse. If I didn't use Dexedrine, I wouldn't take medication to treat my ADHD! More people need to educate themselves, on how to treat ADHD. "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "This is the third medicine my daughter has been on this year. Although the other two worked for her ADHD the side effects where not very great. Vyvanse has worked all the way around for her. I am very pleased to have finally found something that has worked for her."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I've been taking Adderall for roughly two years now,I could honestly say it helped me  SO much.Having A.D.D my whole life, it completely made my life out of control.I only realized how much of my issues were connected to having A.D.D until l i took my medication,i cannot even explain.Its insanesometimes it even got me emotional thinking about it cause i would say to everyone around me "is this how people without ADD feel ?" and think wow i missed out on SO much.Luckily i could say everything has changed. Graduated highschool,found myself a job,totally different group of friends,even the way i interact and feel about myself TOTAL CHANGE. I would have gave it a 10/10 but my loss of appetite and could not sleep.sucks but pros over cons"
Review of Focalin: "I am an 18 year old female with ADHD and my doctor just switched me from vyvanse 30mg to taking focalin 10mg XR and I absolutely hate it. Vyvanse worked for me but would make me bite my lip often in class which was very odd, but something I could work with...Focalin makes me socially anxious (keep in mind I am the most social and extroverted girl), jittery, and worry about random things. I am going to doctor tomorrow after taking it for 2 days and going back to vyvanse."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Wonderful medicine. I was failing school before I took it. After it was prescribed to me I was focused and graduated with a 3.7 GPA."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have been using Ritalin for 5 years, at first it helped me in social situations. Now I use it to concentrate. The 40mg capsule with release holds for 7 hours, only downside is that I loose my appetite for those 7 hours. I went from being an almost dropout in elementary to a high achiever in high school. Now I am in university and ritalin definitely helped me."
Review of Methylphenidate: "For me, Methylin has been so positive. In the competitive world that is SALES; Methylin has been a God send. It's helped me focus, stay focused and follow through on sales leads and potential. I just wish I'd discovered it 15 years ago. If you have ADD, Methylin should help you."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 9yr old daughter was on the Daytrana 10mg patch the last half of the school year. The daytrana patch did eliminate the spacing out, and she did excell in her classes the last quarter of the school year. She brought her D's and U's up to C's and B's. I took her off the medication over the summer and now she's been back on the same 10mg Daytrana patch for 4 days. She has barely been able to eat anything. She cries because of the constant stomach pain. She's been complaining that her vision is getting blurry (which is listed as a known side effect) she has also been throwing up about once a day. I'm currently trying to work with the specialist to see if this will even out or if I should pull her off the patch ASAP."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall has totally brought my life into focus. I started taking it about 6 months ago I'm 39 now and really wish I had this medicine as a kid. In addition to ADD I had severe anxiety and depression as a child/teenager. Adderall has given me focus, lifted my general mood, taken my anxiety away and made me a productive human being. I'm actually starting my own business! The only bad thing is that you really have to be careful of how much you take because it can have the opposite effect i.e. severe anxiety and no focus but if you take it the right way it will change your life! One other bad thing is the stigma surrounding the medicine and being treated like an addict by some pharmacists."
Review of Strattera: "This is the start of my 3rd day in this medications. I am in 25mg once a day. So far I notice it makes me a little sleepy, dry mouth and gives tingle sensation on my head. Although benefits so far have been that I passed my quiz for college 100% and was able to FINISH multiple tasks yesterday! Only third day so we'll see how it progresses with my body. AGE: 21, 110lbs, F"
Review of Guanfacine: "My six-year-old grand daughter has been on Intuniv for nearly two weeks. She has Asperberger's Syndrome and ADHD. So far I have seen no improvement, but still hold out hope. What I have seen to date is extreme tiredness and irritability. She has always been an excellent sleeper, but now goes to sleep around 9:00pm only to awaken at 4:01am (with only three minutes variance on either side) and unable to return to sleep until around 6:00am. Then awakens at 7:00am irritable and confrontational. She has developed circles under her eyes and is exhausted for the entire day. She is also on Ability --  2.5mg per day (down from the 5mg she was taking prior to beginning the Intuniv."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 6 yr old son has been on 20mg of Vyvanse for the past month and a half. I was so reluctant to start him on any type of medicine, but his inability to focus, keep his hands to himself, stay in his seat at school, etc., was affecting the learning of his classmates and causing him to have a hard time making friends. I saw a difference in him (and his teacher did, too), immediately after the 1st dose, he was able to focus, was making friends, etc. I have decided to try him on something different because he's losing weight and he's not the happy, sweet boy that I know he is. He's moody, he gets upset extremely easily, he's grumpy, and is SUPER serious about everything, he finds nothing funny. Its definitely altered his personality, even off the meds."
Review of Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: "My 8 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD at age 4. We did not start medication until 1st grade, but are glad we finally did. He is currently taking Vyvanse. I read some materials on Fish Oil and brain functioning and specifically ADHD. When my son comes home from school the medication effects are diminishing and he tends to get emotional and irritable. When that happens, we give him 2 fish oil capsules and within about 1/2 hour he usually calms down and returns to focus better. We use Nordic Naturals Omega 3-6-9 Junior with 135 mg EPA and 90 mg DHA. The capsules are lemon flavored, small and easy for a child to swallow."
Review of Concerta: "This drug has cause way to many side effects on my 12 year old grandchild. Has cause her body to over develop very fast."
Review of Guanfacine: "Intuniv has made a huge change in my sons attitude.  After being on Strattera for 1.5 years, it stopped working.  It may have been due to a growth spurt, but the sudden change was awful. Intuniv has made a tremendous change and is working.  Intuniv is time released and 1 mg/day does the trick.  I am having to play the insurance game to get it approved and currently have a discount card that sells it for $63.   It works great for my son and is worth every dollar it cost."
Review of Guanfacine: "Our 8 year old son started Intuniv the other day having been recently diagnosed with ADHD. His behavior during the day was definitely much less impulsive than ever, and he napped at 5pm (1mg administration at 9am). He awoke complaining of an upset tummy but ate dinner anyway. 2am & 5am vomiting. Poor kid. He doesn't know it's because of his new 'Vitamin'. Does the vomiting  go away? Is there a way to preempt the nausea? We gave him plenty of water and healthy snacks when he was hungry...not up for doing this to him if this pattern sustains."
Review of Focalin: "My sixteen year old son began taking 15mg of the generic Focalin and had great results, unfortunately the side effects are beginning to bother him after one year of successfully taking the medicine. It seems the gastrointestinal issues are making him weary and he has asked to discontinue the medicine despite the stellar grades. Hoping a switch to a lower dose may work."
Review of Clonidine: "My 11-year-old son has been diagnosed with PANS (Pediatric Acute-onset Neuropsychiatric Syndrome).. Clonidine is so effective with my son that we only give him 1/8 of his pill. If I give him 1/4 he is very tired in the morning. He is also on a very small dose of Prozac. He takes Clonidne as needed for anxiety as the Zithromax (antibiotics) got rid of his tics so he doesn't need the Clonidine anymore for that. But sometimes his anxiety acts up at night and Clonidine relaxes him so he can sleep. He also has 1/2 a 3mg of melatonin but he can only take melatonin now that his tics are gone because before it made him tired while he was wired and that was uncomfortable. Anyway, Clonidine is the best medication for his anxiety, but if we give him the diagnosed amount he is a zombie in the morning"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 7 yr old daughter just started taking Vyvnase 40mg in the morning after 7 yrs of avoiding medications, she has completely slowed down and is able to focus. My only concern is her having dry mouth and biting on the inside of her jaw, this is her first day hopefully it just needs a few days to adjust. BIG difference already. I hope this is all we need and it continues to get better."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son is 10 and I have known for a long time he had inattentive ADHD, but his school didn't want to help me get a diagnosis, and I was trying to tell myself he didn't have it. He changed schools this year, now a 5th grader, and I happened to ask his teacher how his attention and focus was. He was unfocused during the day. They did a time on task and it showed he was 40% more off task than his peers during different times in the day. His teacher and I filled out the normal forms which ask how unfocused rating 1-5 etc. and our answers were near identical. His doctor saw the info and sure enough, an ADHD diagnosis.  He was put on 20mg Vyvanse just this week, and he seems so much more focused!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Was placed on Vyvanse after extreme weight loss on Adderall. Started at 20mg, upped to 40mg, then upped to 40mg 2x a day. I got my appetite back, but the medication really did nothing else for me. I went into rages and had huge anger problems for no reason. Anything could set me off! I could barely sleep or focus at work/school. Basically, I gained back the weight I had lost, but everything else sucked. I couldn't make it more than 6 months, my doctor switched me to Adderall XR."
Review of Dexedrine: "This was one of many I tried. I was more satisfied with this one than any of the others. I never had headaches(with some I had terrible headaches!) the time release worked very well. Overall I rate this medicine the best in it's category."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My daughter started taking Focalin XR 15mg in the morning and 10mg in the afternoon. This medicine does not seem to be helping at all and her behavior is worse than ever to the point that we cannot handle her and she almost had to be hospitalized for the second time within a 2 week span."
Review of Vyvanse: "I was kinda focused in school when I took this but that was only for the first period or 2, I ended up getting really tired and was getting a lot of anxiety and had like 3 panic attacks (this was my first time ever being on any kind of ADHD medication)"
Review of Pemoline: "I took this for about a year, about 10 years ago, and I still think it was one of the best ADHD drugs I ever took. I remember many of my nervous behaviors were significantly decreased. For once, I had enough fingernails to actually need a nail clipper!I actually had less trouble falling asleep at night, and don't recall any problems with appetite. I did have some moodiness, but I'm not sure whether it was the drug, or pre-existing depression.Another plus is it's not schedule II, so you don't have to try and remember to get your prescription every single month."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My internist gave me methylphenidate (the active ingredient in Ritalin) for an ADHD disorder that I didn't even know I had. My God! My world finally made sense, and I was able to finally concentrate on a single task without having something pull me away for no earthly reason. And on top of that, the peripheral neuropathy in my feet, courtesy of a few early drugs in the HIV era, disappeared... totally. I didn't even need my methadone until I began to develop a tolerance for the methylphenidate. I'm the only person my pharmacist has heard of who experienced this effect, but I am sure not complaining. This is truly a miracle drug for me, but since I went to a larger insurance company, with it's own doctors, it's been refused  it to me."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 10 year old Son got from Below Expected to Expected in Maths due to amazing Concerta. Although sometimes it makes him be a bit depressed and finds it hard to smile. But this has really improved his Grades. His Cousin also takes it and they all now are very good in school. Use Concerta! It actually works! Thanks Jassen-Cliag for this great Medication for my Son's ADHD."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "After years of trying both stimulants & non-stimulants for my ADHD, Vyvanse has been a game changer. Its helped me to actually start LIVING life! Previously, I had the best results while on Adderrall, however the mid-afternoon "crash" left me irritable, moody, & feeling like my ADHD was, in a sense, magnified.Thank goodness Shire (developers of Adderrall) sat out to fix the negative side effects (or at least attempt to), but keep the positives. For me, the dry mouth is way more intense than with other stimulants. I have also noticed a drastic decline in sex drive. I would not be able to afford Vyvanse (I don't have insurance) if it were not for the Shire Cares patient assist program."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have an appointment in a week to get ADHD and bipolar meds but I was given a sample of a 70mg vyvanse I had previously been trying to  do the dishes for about two hours (procrastination) I could feel it kick in after 2 hours and I ended up cleaning every inch of the kitchen. Cleaned the walls cabinets and all the appliances. I was actually interested in cleaning and was able to keep cleaning for 10 hours without getting off track. The effects only lasted about 10 hours and I could tell when it was ending because my cravings for cigarettes started again. I only smoked about 2 cigarettes in that period. I binge eat if I don't smoke regularly so its great for quitting smoking along with focus for ADHD. Will be asking about this one."
Review of Adderall: "I was prescribed Adderall XR 15mg six months ago after trying Focalin XR and not liking it because of severe stomach pains it would give me. Before trying the Adderall and Focalin I was diagnosed with ADHD because I brought it to my doctors attention. I had always had a problem in high school and even middle school with getting good grades, everyone thought I was lazy. In college the situation was getting worse, and I started to get depressed about my bad grades. I then realized my depression was stemming from my inability to concentrate on school work. It's been six months since I've been on the Adderall XR, and my grades have shot up! I get A's and B's in all my classes and am so much more organized which helps with everything in my life."
Review of Strattera: "It works, is all I can say. Started on the sample pack at age 12 (I am 16 now, but will never forget my experience). It worked, I cannot say that it didn't, but it gave me the worst side effects possible. After about a month of the medicine, I was diagnosed with depression as a result of Straterra. When I took it, in probably 2011, the box said, "may cause suicidal thoughts or actions", which my physician did not warn me about. Then all of the sudden I was extremely depressed and suicidal and my psychiatrist discovered that Straterra was the cause. He has had several cases before where the mental illness was caused by a drug, and nothing else. Good medicine, just beware of the side effects!"
Review of Vyvanse: "I have had past drug abuse problems with Ritalin and adderall. My doc started me on 50mg of Vyvanse because of less opportunity for abuse.  It works well and is nearly impossible to abuse.  If you take more than the prescribed dose, you don't get the euphoric high that Ritalin and Adderall provides so there is no use to try to abuse it."
Review of Adderall: "This drug works great at first until you need more and more to focus. Stay away from this med if you don't truly have ADHD or you have hypertension."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Optimal"
Review of Vyvanse: "I have always had a problem with focus and attention and recently was told I have ADHD, I am currently on Vyvanse and when I started it, I found the first few days to be great. I almost felt superhuman with myself because I was able to start and finish things in one go and felt more active. I have had to have my dosage increased and I feel that as I take this medication, the effectiveness of it is dissipating and being replaced with a feeling of being "Frantic" and sightly anxious as well as it is affecting my mood and causing me to feel adgitated. I will be asking my doctor about trying something else as I feel that just increasing the dosage again would cause the feelings I am getting to becoming worse"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My daughter (8 yrs old) started taking Focalin 5 weeks into this school year.  Her teacher agrees that it is working wonderfully for her.  She is focused and her grades are great.  She was struggling to read, to make it through a regular school day, to do homework and to get along. We asked her how she feels on Focalin and she said " I feel so much better".  She is on 15 mg once daily and it is SUPER."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have been taking Ritalin for about a month now. It really helps me focus on things. But a downfall is, it is really hard to multi-task. I can only concentrate on one thing at a time, and that makes it very difficult for my school work. Also, I have had a huge loss in appetite. I am not hungry, EVER. During the month I have been on this medicine I have lost almost twenty pounds due to the fact that I never want to eat."
Review of Strattera: "Straterra is changing my life. I held out for 4 months with the side effects and now the improvements are extremely significant. My memory is better and I can get myself easier into a concentration mode. Although it does not fight all symptoms, it enables you to start taking action against it, if that makes sense."
Review of Intuniv: "My 7yr old son has ADHD and has been on medicines since 3.5 yrs old. Right now he's got two days left on his first week of 1mg Intuniv before we go up a dose. First few days he was tired a bit and all seemed to be improving on his defiance and irritation. We are on day 5 and at this point I'm anxious to get going on the 2mg dose as he seems to have simply gotten "used to" the 1mg dose.  Update....started the 2mg a few days ago and did not seem to have many issues.  A bit sluggish but nothing concerning.  School called today and he had THREE seizures.  My son has no medical issues other than ADHD.  Seizures are a very rare side effect of this medicine.  Intuniv is definitely NOT for my son.  Obviously."
Review of Concerta: "I'm 16. I was prescribed 36mg Comcentra  I took it at 8:30pm (was suppose to take it in morning) it worksd it helped me focus but 3 hours into it I started feeling anxiety and later I had a crash. Couldn't sleep stayed up the whole entire night. I also has many other side effects like lack of appitite and heavy breathing might be to large of a dose but overall without the crazy side effects it helped me get stuff done and concentrate"
Review of Ritalin: "Fantastic controlled for the first time in my life"
Review of Dexedrine: "Been on Vyvanse for 3 years, Adderral XL, & Adderral for another 3 years with limited success. I take a lot of other medications for mania & am always tired in addition to lacking focus...for the first time in years I can watch a movie, read a book, make it through multitasking a workday. Maybe this is what normal is meant to feel like--a world without yawns and easy distractions?  Have I truly found a way to make it through a two hour movie? I think a new chapter in my life just opened..."
Review of Bupropion: "I am taking Wellbutrin for ADHD and mild depression. I started on 150 MG XL for 3-weeks and increased to 300 MG XL because I didn't think it was working as well as it could. Initially, I did experience side effects, including headaches and nausea. I also experienced agitation and irritability initially on the 300 MG XL. However, by the following week I felt even better than I did on the 150 MG XL and it lasts all day! It is important to find the right dose for you. Some people do better on less, some more, some on sustained release, some on extended release. I feel like I have the focus, energy, and motivation that will be life changing. Advise: tough out the side effects, they will go away and it will be worth it."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I used to be on SR then was switched to immediate release which made such a difference, now I'm stuck back on SR, they aren't effective at all, it bothers my stomach and now I feel depressed and wondering how I'm going to get thru work"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 49 and I've been taking Vyvanse for three years.  It does help somewhat, but it only last about five to six hours, probably less than that.  I'm taking 20mg, which I think is too low, but my provider refuses to raise the dosage."
Review of Methamphetamine: "If you have to take a stimulant and you get anxiety, this is the medication to take. It is very smooth and doesn't cause anxiety. There isn't a high and low and you don't really feel this wear off (no ups and downs) the way that Adderall and other medicines cause a low in the evening. This is not any more addicting than any other drug so don't believe that. People that require these types of medication typically don't get addicted to them.  People and doctors tend to give medications that can help people."
Review of Vyvanse: "I had good grades. I could concentrate. But, I became very aggressive. I had to stop taking."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Do yourself a favor and stay away from this drug. After being on this medication for about a month I began to experience auditory and visual hallucinations, appetite loss, insomnia and heart palpitations. It did nothing to relieve my ADHD either. Doc tried lowering the dosage and changing what time I would take it, but it made little difference. I flushed the rest down the toilet and stopped taking it after 6 months."
Review of Guanfacine: "My grandson was prescribed 1 mg Guanfacine at age 9. He was a skinny, active kid. Almost immediately, he began to gain weight. It was most noticable in his face, stomach, and rear. Within 6 months, he had gained 21 pounds. I didn't notice much of a decrease in activity. Even ,though weight gain was not listed as a side effect, there was no other reason for the rapid increase in his weight. No change in diet etc. When I googled weight gain and Intuniv, I found many other parents complaining of the same thing. At age 10, he developed gynecomastia. That was it for me! I discontinued the medicine, and I would never consider using it again."
Review of Intuniv: "Hey, my 6-year old was on this medication for about 7 weeks when he began to hallucinate (2mg). So we had switched to something else which actually made him worse then he was with out any meds. So we put him back on intiniv and started back at 1mg... This was about 2 weeks ago... And he has been doing fantastic!"
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvanse is a highly effective stimulant class medication for ADHD and ADD. I have ADD, diagnosed at 18 and have since been on Dexamphetamine 20mg per day. Recently I was interested in trialing extended release medication and Vyvanse was the answer to my call!Initially, Vyvanse was a little bumpy; some side effects like anxiety persisted for the first few days on the medication. It was complex to find the right dosage so my psychiatrist and I settled on 70mg per day. Vyvanse is an amazing and considerably more effective medication than regular Dexamphetamine; the pharmacological properties of Vyvanse are AMAZING. Vyvanse is the future of treatment for ADHD and ADD."
Review of Guanfacine: "Our 6 year old daughter was started on this recently after meeting with peds/ psych.  She is adopted -- suffered trauma as an infant.  She has reactive attachment disorder (RAD) and ADHD symptoms of severe lack of impulse control.  We have 7 children and have never used any of these meds, and honestly I was really resistant to doing it, but the situation just got dire.   I will say that nearly instantly there was a change ( 1/2 mg only then up to 1 mg a week later).   Suddenly there were virtually NO discipline problems.  But a matter of only days later she started having terrible side effects (bed wetting, sore throat, constant tummy ache, and it COMPLETELY changed her personality.)  not good. We had to switch to adderal.  Great success."
Review of Adderall: "Started Adderall 2 weeks ago. I am still trying to find the right dose. Doctor said "start with 10mg morning and afternoon but if that's to much take 5mg morning and afternoon" I'm finding if I take 10mgs and my day is really busy I am fine but if my day is not than I notice my heart rate and a need to be doing something. I'm not sure about this medicine yet but willing to give it a little more time. I just want to know if the feeling of needing to be busy will end."
Review of Metadate CD: "I'm 31 and diagnosed with ADHD for 23 years. When my parents started me on Ritalin in 3rd grade their only regret was letting me struggle for so long. I was always being sent home from school for playing in the mud, walking out of class, etc. I was talkative and happy, but my grades were well below satisfactory - I had very few teachers encourage me, rather I was written off as a disruption. My first year on medication was hard, I had no appetite and trouble sleeping. After about 6 months all the side effects went away. I could eat and sleep no problem. I have been on Adderal now for 17 years. I graduated college, have amazing job - not sure where I would be if nobody saw the signs and helped."
Review of Strattera: "I am 48 year old women in good health. I did not notice a difference at all. The only side effects I had were some tiredness and loss of appetite. Good luck."
Review of Intuniv: "No side affects on my six year old the first two weeks except for a tummy ache, the last two nights she has woke up screaming completely tripping throwing pillows scratching her head hallucinating and seeing stuff I do not recommend this pill to anyone.!!!! Expecially a kid she is on the lowest dose 1 mg. she won't be taking it anymore!!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Probably the best medication, compared to the others. The best thing you can do for taking it for long periods is to stay on a consistent dose."
Review of Atomoxetine: "It may cause stomach irritation."
Review of Vyvanse: "I started taking this pill and immediately noticed the difference. My life literally changed the moment I took the first pill. While I suffered from uncontrollable speech the first 2 days but my body adjusted. I started with 50mg and I now take 70mg. I am 23 years old. Some other side effects I have experienced are decreased sexual drive, loss of weight and appetite. However, I can concentrate on anything. This pill has taken the characteristic of lazy out of me. I am more productive than ever."
Review of Focalin: "I have no insurance and currently back in school for counseling, social worker.... lets say Human Resources. I am 34 years old, can't get insurance with parents, I'm way over 25! I clean homes and babysit to get extra cash for gas and needs and thankfully my parents have extra rooms, also luckily I have no kids. Was getting my 70mg Vyvanse meds paid all for with card, but after renewing was denied due to couldn't read Dr's last name and no proof of income..have none. Was currently taking 30mg Adderall 2x per day, Dr. wanted to try this and luckily about same price, now the Adderall is now half as much, so I must sacrifice.  This medicine is by far the best medication I have found for my condition. May just have to pay more for this, best!!!"
Review of Adderall XR: "I was always been a gifted student, but struggled to pick anything up in class.  My entire life I would go to class and walk out gaining nothing but a couple good day-dreams.  I thought I had ADD a very long time ago and asked my mom to have me checked; but being the proud mom she was her son couldn't have ADD. This year I started college and the same trend of gaining nothing from lectures remained.  I was sick of putting in the effort to go to class and getting nothing from it.  I was diagnosed last November and tried a few medications prior to Adderall XR.  This medication changed my college career, I can now go to class and follow my professor through the entire lecture. I no longer need to reread everything to understand it."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "As a 44 year old male, who recently went for treatment of this problem.  I went for almost 43 with always knowing that something was missing. Being a over achiever I made every attempt to complete everything but never really completed anything. This drug has changed that. It allows me to focus on the task that I have in front of me and complete it. Which has been a breath of fresh air for my job, my marriage and my kids."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "As Heidle said above, mood swings. However, my doctor gave me Celexa (20mg) to combat this and that has worked miracles. Supplementing Adderall XR with a (good) multi-vitamin, 3x daily value of Omega-3 (fish oils) and Magnesium Citrate (no other 'variants', ONLY citrate, the others work AGAINST Adderall (XR) seems to be working extremely well for me."
Review of Wellbutrin XL: "I started taking 150 mg of bupropion (the generic Wellbutrin) and after a couple weeks doubled it to 300 mg after my doctor told me to. Exactly one week later I broke out into the biggest, puffiest, itchiest hives all over my body. My joints also became swollen, stiff, and painful. My throat was also sore and tight. I ended up in the ER. WHAT'S REALLY SAD IS THAT IT WAS WORKING WONDERS FOR ME! I studied half as much and it was twice as effective, my test grades were great!I'm now trying to decide between Effexor or Straterra."
Review of Strattera: "My 16 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD at age 4. We went through several meds at first and Concerta worked the best for him. He took the drug for 10 years increasing dosage when needed. Things seemed to be fine or at least better on the med than off. This last year he became impossible to live with. Argumentative (more than normal), irritable at home, mouthy and his grades were tanking! I initially chalked it up to regular teenagerhood! Then I had an inkling that maybe he needed to switch meds. He started taking Strattera on Monday and 4 days later is a different kid. PLEASANT is the first word that comes to mind. WOW, no arguments! No mouthiness! He left just now I said, have fun, I love you! He replied Love you too! Wha??? HAPPY MOM!!!"
Review of Bupropion: "I was given the generic Bupropion XL. I started with 150mg for the 1st week and then went to 300mg after that. The first 3 weeks were amazing. My quality of sleep got better. My mind was no longer on overdrive. I had a never ending list of unfinished projects that I was now able to focus and breeze through. It also helped me to stop binge eating. The only negative side effect was that I started getting mild-severe acne but changing my skin care routine helped it. Then at week 4, everything went down hill. I was taking Bupropion in the morning at 9am and by 11am, I couldn't keep my eyes opens. I would end up sleeping all day. I feel so tired that I can't do anything and I can't focus. It just stopped working."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was prescribed the 10mg IR Ritalin, to be taken three times a day a few weeks ago. To say the least, I have developed a tolerance to the drug. It has a bad comedown 2-3 hours after I take the drug. But it has done wonders for my depression and ADHD symptoms. The only downside I found is that it makes me feel like a zombie, too focused, much nervous and has a nasty after-effects. But so far it has been a revolutionary step in my life. I will try switching to the LA version though."
Review of Ritalin: "Ritalin is a great medication for ADHD.  I stay focused and on task.  I am on 10 mg. up from 5 mg, which wasn't quite optimal. "
Review of Focalin: "My 9-year-old takes Focalin XR during the school day and Focalin for a kick up at night for extra-curriculars.For us, its been great. He had been on Adderall but became negative, dramatic and started threatening self-harm. When you hide knives from your 6-year-old, its a problem! He's in the gifted program now but has always been a good student. All conversations with teachers started out "He's so smart but..." We don't hear the "but" anymore.We just started taking him off the meds more. Which can drive us crazy but we noticed that he was always on the taller side. Now he's one of the shorter kids and he's underweight. He doesn't eat while medicated so we're hoping he'll grow more if we take a break."
Review of Ritalin: "I am a 20 year old man, going to university and had or still have troubles concentrating with my ADHD, mostly staying on one subject. Started taking Dexedrine, first it made me restless and gave lots of anxiety. Could not hold up a normal conversation or sit still, it made me feel uncomfortable. Then tried Concerta it was effective somewhat but did not help as much as I had hoped, could not notice much of a effect. Ritalin gives me the concentration when I need it most. "
Review of Bupropion: "I have been taking Wellbutrin for 8 plus years. Then went to SR, then XL.  Helped with my ADHD with Adderall too.   Went off for about a year and started back. To save money went to generic 150mg XL - they were great.  When Dr. suggested increasing back to 300mg daily (as previously) I agreed. I started taking the 300mg XL generics - the symptoms returned.  I noticed when I opened the bottle there as a noxious odor given off.  After 4 weeks couldn't stand the smell and returned the rest of the pills to my pharmacy.  They replaced them and said they would look into the problem.  The 150 mg SR generics stink too. Only the 150mg XL generics don't."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I absolutely love Addreall. It helps me to complete my tasks and I have no problem skipping it when I don't have any projects or paper work to do. I don't ever think about it when I skip it. I believe it is a very great medicine for someone who is having a difficulty to focus on one task. Adderall has a bad reputation only because people abuse it. If you overeat, overdo or overtake anything - it will cause harm to your body. So it's not a surprise some people are getting addicted to Adderall. You have to UNDERSTAND why do you need it and why are you taking it. If you don't abuse it, if you take prescribed amount per day and if you skip it on weekends or whenever, you will be perfectly fine and it will serve you well."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I agree with the person who stated there must be a quality control issue as sometimes it feels as if I never took the medicine at all.  Next script I am going to check the capsules just so I can be sure.  Hydration may be an issue as well."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I've tried so many medications that really did nothing for me except give me more mental problems. When I started on Vyvanse, I felt invincible. If you've ever watched the movie limitless, that's exactly how it feels! There was this short period of time that I took a break every now and then, do not do that! It made me chronically bipolar but I've started up on it and it really is the best medication you could have. If you wish to get off of it, I suggest you do so slowly and on days you don't have it, drink caffeine. It took me 6 months to not have that addictive feeling, now I'm back on it because I'm going back to school. It's up to you to say whether the side effects out way the epic benefits. It took me a while to figure that out. Good Luck!"
Review of Adzenys XR-ODT: "I've been on ADHD medication for a very long time. My body had built a pretty strong tolerance stimulants.I combine normally IR Adderall, Vyvanse, and XR Adderall, and now I combine Zenzedi (great, btw), IR Adderall, and this medication and the only thing I noticed is no increase in focus at all but some weird increase in insomnia which is unusual because it's not like an anxiety insomnia but a strange almost increased ADHD insomnia I had growing up. Normally after taking my ADHD medications I can sleep without issue but this one causes me to just stay awake without jitters, focus, anxiety, or anything. I don't care for it."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse is amazing.  eat a lot of food in the morning with it or your brain will not operate properly with or without vyvanse.  I also eat flaxseed cereal in the morning and take an omega fish oil pill in the morning.  No pill will cure my ADD  but it will help me tremendously when I eat proper brain foods with it. I have lost weight on it . i am a 26 yr old male 6ft2 184 lbs.  before vyvanse I weighed 204 lbs.  it has only removed some of the fat from my body. It is a great medicine if you eat"
Review of Vyvanse: "My 9 year old son started taking Vyvanse when all the other ADHD meds failed. Although he still had his fits sometimes they are few and far between. His grades in school are improving and he is able to pay attention better."
Review of Adderall: "I am 51, and have been on Adderall for 15 years. I take 20mg twice a day. It helps me concentrate, and stay focused. I skip taking it for one day every week, this helps me see where the Adderall helps in my life, and was suggested by my doctor to help my body not build a tolerance to Adderall. At this time I personally don't  believe Adderall is "addicting", when taken properly. While on vacation, I went a week without it, and never felt any withdrawal's from the Adderall.  I keep my Adderall, and other med's in a metal lock box, that locks onto a shelf in my fridge, because people do abuse Adderall."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Straterra is changing my life. I held out for 4 months with the side effects and now the improvements are extremely significant. My memory is better and I can get myself easier into a concentration mode. Although it does not fight all symptoms, it enables you to start taking action against it, if that makes sense."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was 31 years old before I began taking Ritalin. I take a small dose, 10mg in the morning and 10mg early afternoon. I wish I had been prescribed this medicine years ago. I drive a truck for a living but I also do a lot of self study (audio and printed books) and Ritalin has greatly increased my productivity with the latter and safety with the former. I experience VERY few side effects. My mind used to wander quite often, I just thought I had an active imagination, but it was a problem. I have not lost my ability to imagine or abstract yet I have lost of tendency to wander aimlessly into unrelated thought. I have also lost my ability to get lost so often while driving!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am sixteen, I have had Attention problems since I was little and I was put into special education classes because of it. I didn't go to the doctor for a diagnosis until a couple of months ago. When I went to the doctor she said I had all the symptoms so she gave me the option of medication. I said I would try it so she prescribed me 20 mg of Methylphenidate,  it lasts me about 6 hours. It really helped on my ACT, I tried to take the ACT without using it and I didn't do well at all. I took the ACT with the medication and I did so much better. I also like it because it makes me a nicer person. I am literally kind to everyone. The only bad thing is that when it wears off I am really tired, probably because I am focused for so long."
Review of Strattera: "At first the drug company advertised this mercilessly as the solution to adult ADHD. The only problem is that it doesn't work. I noticed nothing at all in the three months I tried it."
Review of Methylphenidate: "In early elementary school I was diagnosed with ADHD. It's not common for females to have it. I started on ritalin. It helped, but I stopped taking it in high school because I was worried about the stigma. In University I took it off and on. After graduating, I took it only during major changes because it helped me cope, but I never wanted to rely on it. Now I'm trying to get my career going in the field I want to be in and I'm stressed out of my mind. I have anxiety and my family doc is concerned I'm going through depression. I'm back on Concerta and have been for a few days. It is the 18mg dosage, but while I feel a bit more focused, sadly I feel more focused on my emotions. Hopefully when I move up to 27mg I will be less forgetful and anxious."
Review of Atomoxetine: "At first the drug company advertised this mercilessly as the solution to adult ADHD. The only problem is that it doesn't work. I noticed nothing at all in the three months I tried it."
Review of Dexedrine: "I found this to be more effective than other drugs offered. I can't understand why it is not used more for the treatment of ADHD compared to other drugs, which have many side effects."
Review of Concerta: " I have been using Concerta for many years. It has helped so much, but the only downside to it is it makes me lose weight. I went off of my meds for about three months and gained 50 pounds. This was because I had the habit of eating whatever I want whenever I want and not gain any weight. I was an A  student and as soon as I went off my meds I was getting Fs in all of my classes. I then went back on my meds and within three weeks of me being back on concerta, I lost all of the weight I had gained(because I had to make the habit of not eating so much within those three months), I raised some of my grades to As and some to Ds. I still passed 7th grade because of my circumstance.I have ADD, ADHD, and Cerebral Paulsey."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I've been taking 10mg daily for nearly 11 years. It seems to help me focus but sometimes the side effects make me a bit less risk-adverse than I am without the medication."
Review of Adderall XR: "I've been taking this medicine for about 1 year now. I think it is great. I have been able to do better in school, and focus more at work. I am also able to sit still, and not move around as much."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Not a good experience here. My 10 year old son was put on it. He started hallucinating, hearing voices, he was terrified. Uncontrollable crying. He couldn't be in a room alone. He was going into panic attacks because he was so scared. He didn't know why he was scared or why he couldn't stop crying."
Review of Vyvanse: "Worked great the first couple of days - concentrated, laser focus and able to work hard. A few days in, I felt like I was on speed - couldn't concentrate, thoughts racing, difficulty completing tasks. I couldn't stay on it, I was so anxious."
Review of Amphetamine: "My child has been on this almost a week and it has made her worse in school and hyper, I am looking forward to seeing the Doctor this week, the dose was cut in half after being on it 1 day and no change in behaviour, still not able to focus and refuses all school work and became more defiant."
Review of Adderall: "Against the advice of my teachers, my mom decided not to medicate me as a kid since my grades were fine. As I got older, I got worse, concentrating was impossible for me and my grades dropped... my mind never stopped! I have been on Adderall for almost 9 years now. This drug saved me, it worked great! The down side...after this long, I have built a tolerance, get very irritable, and feel kinda foggy or dazed by the end of the day. I'm going to try something new for awhile and see what happens."
Review of Strattera: "My doctor gave me a free sample pack of Strattera and had me start at 20mg, and increase the dose all the way to 80mg. I didn't notice a difference until I got to 60mg, and at 80mg, the side effects became all too apparent. I noticed that I was able to focus on a particular topic for longer periods of time, but that's it; my motivation, procrastination, sluggishness, irritability, memory problems, all remained the same. Now for the side effects, my head starts to itch, my testicles become very tender, but worst of all I start to get depressed. I don't think this medication is for someone without the Hyperactivity part of ADHD. Because I am sluggish enough as it is."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have ADHD & narcolepsy. I recently started Adderall after trying a few other medications. So far the Adderall has been a God send. I hope it continues to help me with my problems."
Review of Strattera: "I see a lot of people bad mouth this medication. It works extremely well for me, and I responded within just a few days. My psych doc says he has a number of patients that this med worked well for as well. It is also an effective antidepressant for me. Just my experience."
Review of Adderall: "I'm 25 yrs old, male and I started taking Adderall for Adult ADD 2 months ago.  My physician and I decided to give it a shot because I was having a terrible time at work (4yrs employed) doing the simple, but long term tasks/projects that everybody else were doing on time/completed.  Pros: Productivity up 300%, more attention to detail, finishing tasks, major increase focusing (easily!), major decrease in stress from cognitively/mentally draining myself in attempt to 'stay focused', more energy.  Cons:  severe initial 7-10 days side effects.  Still experiencing severe dehydration, dry mouth, nausea, dead libido, moody, increase in tobacco smoking, loss of appetite.  Fantastic benefits.  Side effects are still mild, if anything."
Review of Adderall XR: "I have been on everything from Concerta to Wellbutrin to Vyvanse. Next to Vyvanse, Adderall XR has been the most helpful. If I take it any later than noon, I will absolutely have insomnia. I also have to be careful about the foods I eat, and especially try to avoid my multi-vitamin in the morning (because of the citric acid). It doesn't decrease my appetite, sometimes I feel like it increases it, but it prevents me from binge-eating. I take 20mg Adderall XR with 25mg of Zoloft and though it helps with my OCD tendencies that Adderall is likely to cause, I don't think the combination works as well as Adderall XR by itself. I will also occasionally have heart palpitations, but that's usually a sign that I need to limit my coffee intake!"
Review of Guanfacine: "My son is 10 and was diagnosed with ADHD at age 5.  He was on various dosages of stimulant medications before trying Intuniv. He now takes 3 mg of Intuniv and we have been able to reduce his stimulant medication in half.  Helps him sleep and morning routine is much better as the Intuniv is fully functioning (given at night)."
Review of Adderall: "I have had problems my whole life with school, holding down jobs, depression and alcoholism.  Adderall has changed my life.  I am 43 and I finally have the courage to pursue the career I didn't think I would be able to do before.  I also take Prozac.  The combination does make me a little dizzy and I do sweat a lot more, but the miracle of being able to function on a daily basis and concentrate out way the side effects."
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvanse didn't work for me. I had to switch back to Adderall XR. Vyvanse had no effect on my mood or concentration levels at all."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son is 9 yrs old and has been on Vyvanse for about 2 yrs or so and I have to say that its been a miracle medicine. I believe I finally got my baby boy back he also takes Intuniv as a booster pill....but my only problem is that he has chronic insomnia and no over the counter or prescribed medicine seem to make him fall asleep and stay asleep."
Review of Strattera: "I was diagnosed with ADHD very late in life, at 55. My main symptoms are depression, anxiety, insomnia, lack of motivation/energy and a raft of others. I have tried every anti-depressant available, most of which didn't work or the side effects were too bad. I always seem to have to take high doses of medication, and ended up on 120mg of Strattera. It didn't do much for my concentration or cognitive symptoms, but after a few months I noticed my motivation getting better. However, it caused my quite severe cardiac symptoms and the dose was dropped to 100mg. I needed to think straight, so Methylphenidate was added. This was a great combination for me, apart from the side effects which often go away given time, but in my case didn't."
Review of Focalin XR: "My son was diagnosed at six years old. (ADHD).  He's been on Focalin EX 30 mg for four years.  Works amazing he's able to concentrate and focus in school."
Review of Intuniv: "I am 21 year's old- this medication is not just for young children- it has taken away the side-effects of my ADHD medication. The only side-effect I was aware of was auditory! When I took the 1st 1mg pill, my hearing was heightened and exhaustive (sounds dragged out) for an hour or so. When I increased to 2mg the same thing happened: a noticeable difference in my hearing for just a short hour or so. My doctor prescribed this to me when the side-effects of Concerta did not leave me; I had anxiety that was clearly not situational but from the drop-off of Concerta in the middle of the day as it is not a steady released medicine but a ADHD medication that releases a dose twice."
Review of Concerta: "Simply amazing! I was on Concerta from the age of 11-17 it worked, but didnt really appreciate its qualities being a young lad...I came off it. Since then life has gone dramatically down hill and I have had issues with keeping a job, focusing, social acceptance....the works! I had no commitment to anything and no drive to establish myself in the world. Im now 24 and have been back on them for 9 months. Since then I have been 100 milliom times more productive. Secured an amazing job (and held it down) even won a few employee of the month awards! Ive also gained a new amazing social circle and my relationships generally have never been better. Small side effects i.e sleep issues. But will never stop taking unless forced."
Review of Intuniv: "My daughter (11 years old) had been on Vyvanse, but was still struggling and experiencing excellerated heart rate.  She was not eatting, not sleeping, and losing weight.  Greatful for the medication, but side effects were starting to be a problem.  Doctor added Intuniv 2mg on top of Vyvanse and it was great.  Seemed to offset all the negative caused by Vyvanse."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Helps me 100 time over to stay focused at work and home. I also seem alot more alert at home"
Review of Vyvanse: "I was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 5 and have been on Ritalin and Adderall throughout my entire life since then.  I know long time.  I was switched to Vyvanse and this is my first day taking it and I like it so far.  I wouldn't call it a "miracle drug" for me because I have extreme ADHD but it is a lot smoother than Adderall XR I was taking prior.  I also feel more emotionally stable and have more confidence. I also take another 10 mg of Adderall around noon and another 20mg.  We will see how this medicine holds up to all this good stuff.  I am hoping forever since I will never be able to get off a stimulant medication.  But remember, if you have been on stimulants for awhile and do not take them, you will feel EXTREMELY tired and sleep all day."
Review of Guanfacine: "My 10yr old daughter was put on this med a yr ago and it was truly one of the best decision's I have made for her, her school work had improved tremendously she is able to focus and concentrate!!! Only problem we have with it is that she takes it in the early morning and it doesn't kick in till about noon...other than that I would recommend it, she has not had any side effects either...all in all its a huge plus :)"
Review of Nuvigil: "Having been told over 12 yrs ago that I had ADHD I have tried several medicines. The main one I used is Adderall 30mg twice a day. This has proven very effective. Having tried both Provigil and Nuvigil both I believe Nuvigil to be the better of the two. None of the traditional side effects of speed and Nuvigil is very clean. So much so and I know this sounds goofy but you don't even realize it's working until you shake your head an realize how focused, alert and clear thinking you have been."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Found out I had ADHD my sophomore year & was put on this pill. Started at 36mg and I could definitely see changes. Very moody, could not go to sleep at night, I always so jumpy and on the go, but I will have to say it helped A LOT with my troubles on paying attention in school. Went from D's & F's to an honor roll student. The only thing that's really scary for most people is the weight loss it can cause. I weighed 130 my freshman year and in the middle of my junior year I was 94 pounds. So you really have to watch that!"
Review of Strattera: "  Comprehension: Before:  If you wanted me to pay attention, understand something, or even acknowledge it, you would often have to repeat it several times.  I would misread or misunderstand things more than the average person. After:  I understand most communication right away, including the emotions and attitude of the other person, which were often not even on my radar before.   Interpersonal Communication: Before:  I was very likely to interrupt others.  I wouldn't wait for others to speak before continuing my conversation.  I came across as very harsh & critical. After:  I'm better at engaging in appropriate give-and-take in conversation.  I communicate in a much appropriate friendly tone.Dealing with adversity:Before: Even trivial matters would provoke a negative reaction, ruin my mood or trigger impulsive/disruptive behavior. Id get down on myself for minor mistakesAfter: Even when things dont go the way I like them to go, I handle things in a much more mature, measured way. When something goes wrong, Im more likely to laugh it off than I used to. Im more even keeled, less likely to fly off the handle."
Review of Vyvanse: "Caused my 10 yr old son to develop severe depression, and a facial motor tic which never went away. Now he takes medication for not only ADHD but also depression and tics. Worst drug experience ever!"
Review of Ritalin: "I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia. It seems I also have ADHD, Idiopathic Hypersomnia (not narcolepsy, but an unknown reason for excessive sleepiness), and a host of other symptoms. Ritalin was a life saver. I am able to think clearly again, I can wake up in the morning, and stay awake during the day, and my creativity is back (Artist/Crafter). It seems my tolerance is building, so my doctor tried me on LA; in a 1 month test I had a rocky start, but once my system adjusted it worked wonderfully. However, now my insurance company won't pay for it. Always one step forward, two steps back."
Review of Focalin: "My daughter (6 yrs old) began on Focalin (10 MG) a month ago.  We noticed she suffered from no ill side effects; rather she became more "in tune" with others feelings and emotions, slept even more soundly at night, and did not have a loss of appetite. Unfortunately, it did not stay in her system long enough to get her through school and homework so her Doctor adjusted her dose (20 MG). Now she is loving it!  For the first time, she is receiving high marks on her behavior at school, is able to communicate better with her friends, and (in her words) "stay focused and in control". The beauty of this, it leaves her system after about 10 hrs (she takes it at 7 am) and we are able to practice behavior modification procedures at home with her."
Review of Vyvanse: "My experience has been great and horrifying. Now, to explain myself I will list the effects I've had so far. I am on my fourth dose of my 40 mg vyvanse. I was put on 40 because my doctor said it would be okay. ADVERSE EFFECTS: *Severe* Just today on my fourth dose I had experienced something new my entire life..sitting on my chair I lifted my leg and was overcome with the feeling of it, "falling asleep". It was overcome abruptly out of nowhere with the feeling of tiny bubbles in the numbers of thousands racing from my foot up to my thigh without any of these, in idea of description bubbles popping. Until it reached my thigh when it was immediately somewhat relieved...skip to later today and my leg was paralyzed almost"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "With no medicines I am the world's laziest housekeeper - no kidding.  With Ritalin, I am still that, but I do very well at work.  I tried Adderall because it was cheaper and it didn't help my concentration at work, but I painted the floor and the ENTIRE inside of my house, a complete renovation - needed no sleep, almost at all.  While it's great to be so productive, physically, I have to try something else, because I feel like I'm on full throttle."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 8yr old daughter has been on Vyvanse for almost 2yrs. She started on 20mg a day, she seemed to be doing better as far as focusing, but very emotional. Her doctor decided to up her dose to 30mg and now 40mg. The 40mg also seemed to help at school her grades went up and she was able to pay attention. I'm now noticing that my little girl is not the same person, she's has become rude, depressed, emotional, getting in trouble, suicidal and just out of control. Parents really should keep a journal of changing side effects they notice. Needless to say my daughter is no longer taking this medication and not yet found one to replace it."
Review of Vyvanse: "I developed severe shoulder pain in both shoulders after about 5 days. The doctor assured me it wasn't the Vyvanse. Well after 2 weeks of severe pain I thought I'd do my own google search and found plenty of people complaining about vyvanse causing joint pain. I stopped taking vyvanse as soon as I read these forums where people described their joint pain. After 3 days 80% of the pain was gone and it took about a month before 95% was gone. My left shoulder now 'clicks' and often I wake up and my left shoulder is in a position where it's very painful. I wish the doctor would go over all side effects when then prescribe medication so you know when something starts to happen that it is the medication."
Review of Concerta: "I am 30 started taking this due to excessive daydreaming and quite frankly not getting anything done. Could not focus for more than 10 minutes before a thought would come and get distracted by it. Apartment was in a mess. Priorities are all over the place. Wanted to do so many things and all at the same time. So I went to the doctor and left with a prescription for Concerta 18-27-36mg.I don't know if he had the right diagnosis but shit is getting done and everything is great. Less tired, less naps, did not take a nap since I started this. Now I'm at the 36mg step. Truth is the drug is only 10% of the solution. Once you know you can do something, you have to keep that mindset and go with it or else you will take this drug forever and ever."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Daytrana made me manic, paranoid, and eventually psychotic. I had no difficulty stopping using it--no cravings. After I was off it I had withdrawal symptoms the likes of which I cannot describe; simply sheer misery and dread, almost total insomnia. It last 1.5 years."
Review of Guanfacine: "My 6 year old son is on the 1mg for his short attention issues. He does complain sometimes about the tummy ache but it goes away. I have seen a big difference in his school work and his able to stay focus.  How ever I have to try other meds because my insurance will not pay for the medication. they feel as  if its to expensive."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My 8 year old daughter was prescribed this medication yesterday by our PCP. For the past 6 months she was on Adderrall 10mg and I decreased her to 5mg two months ago. She weighs.64 lbs and 10 mgs of adderrall had her like a zombie, the 5 most recently caused her to become anxious,  overly sensitive,  and literally trichllomania - literally developing the habit of pulling her out. I stopped the adderall this week and her doctor suggested Strattera.I got an email from my daughters teacher after sending her to school on the 1st day of her new meds. My daughter was experiencing super fatigue, headache, and nausea. She was definitely calm, but she could not eat dinner and my baby was so hot to the touch. I will NOT give her any more meds."
Review of Methylphenidate: "For a while it was good, I was doing okay in school and focusing more, but the more I increased my dose the worse the quality of life became, my social anxiety went through the roof. The worst part about it for me was that when my dose was 72 mg the cutoff or withdrawal was horrible, as soon as it wore off my face would get a big red rash and would pulsate, and my pores would get huge, this would happen everyday, and it was irritating and made me self conscious, so I took myself off the medication and noticed it stopped. I havent been on it since and I would like to start a new medication with less side effects."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son has been on this since 2nd grade.  He is now in 5th and is on 60 mg. He has had great success on this medicine.  He is more focused, can keep it all together, and as I describe "pretty much all that I can ask for" on the meds.  Off meds it's a whole different story.  He has no side effects other he is not as hungry during the day."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Took this since 3rd grade. It made me tried and I became depressed. After getting off the pills I became myself again. I took it from 3rd grade till about 8th grade. I'm now in 10th grade with no ADHD meds at all."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I've taken strattera at first and didn't like it so went on adderall XR 15 mg once a day. Increased energy and increased focus.  After a while, the increased energy was TOO MUCH so I decided to try strattera. I dropped the adderall dose and took them both together for a Few weeks before discontinuing the adderall.   They feel virtually identical.  I take strattera twice a day to avoid daytime sleepiness & no longer feel over stimulated and zombified and I have energy, & increased focus. I did have a headache for the first couple of days. Took an adderall yesterday and yup felt identical. Could barely tell a difference except got a bad headache at the end of the day on the come down and I also felt like a zombie again. Oh yeah, no come down on strattera!"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "This has been a God send. I have Executive Functioning issues with possible undiagnosed ADD and I have tried many, many different prescriptions (Adderall, Concerta, Meditate, Vyvanse) and none have worked nearly as well as Focalin. The ones listed above put a lot of load/pressure on my brain. It's hard to explain but it was not pleasant. On Focalin I am much more attentive and there's no body load. Others also cut my appetite significantly and kept me awake at night. While Focalin still cuts my appetite some, I am able to go to sleep when I need too. 10/10 but remember just because it worked for me doesn't mean it's going to for you. I suggest trying them all and seeing which one has the best synergy with your body."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Im a 19 year old athletic kid, and when I was prescribed this 3 years ago it did wonders. It was my junior year of high school and I was prescribed 10mg twice a day, once in the morning and once at lunch, with an optional one in the afternoon if I had a lot of homework or studying. My grades were much better and it didnt have any side effects. Now, 3 years later I have a bad tolerance and I had to up my dosage to 20mg three times a day. I now take it to even make it to class and if I dont take it I can barely stay awake. Like many people said it makes you feel extremely sluggish like a zombie, and its an absolutely awful feeling. I lose emotions, have mood swings and even my sex drive with my girlfriend is completely destroyed."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I am a adult, recently diagnosed with ADD.  Probably had it my whole life, but now I am doing something about it.  My doctor prescribed this medication, and at first, I was so focused and improving my error ratio's at work.  The only thing even after increasing my dose, it wears off.  By 1:00pm, I am tired and can go to sleep.  I think I am going to ask my doctor to give me the non extended so I can take it in the am, and pm.  Other than that, it is a great medicine, and I don't have the non-appetite side effect, in fact, it makes me want to eat more."
Review of Modafinil: "I started taking this for adhd when I realized that adderall wasn't cutting it anymore. Adderall works for about a year and then starts to become ineffective unless you keep upping your dose. After a year and a half I started searching for alternatives and came across this MIRACLE. It is not prescribed for adhd in the united states so insurance will not cover it for the most part. I have to order it overseas (it is technically illegal to do so in the US but customs only cares about abusive drugs). I really hope some researchers test armodafinil and modafinil for adhd and depression. It has done a lot for me. I highly recommend it."
Review of Adderall: "I floated through high school, got honors and graduated a year early.  Did the same through a state college, even though I was accepted to Ivy leagues with scholarships.  I chose the easy route as I hated books, and never read anything, despite being able to pass with a bachelors in college and honors in HS just on auditory lecture learning, I was scared to challenge myself.  Went to nursing school 10 years ago and failed out. Then I tried again on Adderall - Out of a class of 140, I'm #1. Everything I read I absorb. I can NOW focus.  Everything's wired tight and each day I am limitless on what I can learn. I feel music. I'm in touch with everything. I thank everyday I'm on it."
Review of Adderall XR: "Was placed Adderall XR 20mg once a day. The first month was fantastic. I could think. I had bounds of physical energy. My mood was elevated. I had problems starting with the second month. The positive effects were no longer there and the negative ones were enhanced. I did some research and found out it was an issue with the brand. Not all generics are the same despite what everyone is told. I got Actavis brand. I found out that not only are generics allowed to differ in potency by 60-120% (40 less potent than some or 20% more potent than some) but Actavis was allowed to use its own proprietary formulation. If you are put on Adderall XR or IR be cautious about what generic you get. Some work way better than others."
Review of Vyvanse: "I can finally focus"
Review of Vyvanse: "Best ADHD medication I have taken. All the pros of Adderall without the crash or mood swings. However sometimes if I haven't taken it for a few days, when I take it again I get horrible migraines at night."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Just recently diagnosed with ADHD and specifically asked to start out on vyvance at 30mg/day. I'm 23 years old and had been struggling with severe ADHD my whole life, finally decided to go get it checked and vyvance being my first medication taken for it- it's completely calmed me down as a person. I feel like I have such clear thoughts which made me feel incredible, I finally felt normal. Helped with my hot temper and impatience as well. First week has been successful."
Review of Methylphenidate: "So far is the 3rd day of taking 10MG OF RITALIN IR. So far I feel I can finally get work done, less tapping of the feet and less fidgety, talk a lot more, can start conversations, etc. I can think before I act but sometimes I act out but not as much. But however my hands shake a little. And takes longer to 'kick in' it takes 40 mins to an hour   a half. But when it 'kicks in' it lasts up to 4-5 hours. It really does help with my moderate ADHD."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have been taking Ritalin for almost 3 years & it has been great. I had ADHD in high school & college. I couldn't focus, listen to lectures, read well or study. I saw a doctor during college & he prescribed me Ritalin 20mg 3x/day (I had long days in college). I was finally able to read well, study & focus. I love learning now, I'm motivated & my mood improved. Now I take 20mg 2x/day (I graduated & go to bed earlier). It lasts around 4 hours. I never experience withdrawal or major sleepiness when I don't take it. Side effects: Difficulty sleeping if taken too close to bed time & appetite loss (minor). I highly suggest an eating schedule and drinking lots of water so you don't eat too little. I would often forget to eat in the beginning."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 17 years old and i have been taking vyvanse for 4 years now and i take 70mg. It works so well but the side effects are awful. My back, neck, and wrists hurt and i can't fall asleep and i have killer head aches and i have shortness of breath and i become socially awkward. Like typically im a very sociable person but when i take my meds i don't talk."
Review of Adderall XR: "It's been a blessing since being on adderall XR. I can think better and focus so I can succeed at a lot of things. Everyone with ADD should be on it."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "When I started receiving calls from my kindergarteners teacher at least once a week, I couldn't believe it. But after several months of struggling through the seemingly easiest of tasks I decided to take my daughter to counseling. Her counselor and psychiatrist took all of the right steps to diagnose her ADHD, and after 6 weeks of holding on to the prescription, I gave in and started administering the 20mg of Vyvanse. My daughter made a complete turn-around! Happy in the morning, soaring at school, and even sleeping well at night! In a month after starting Vyvanse, she was awarded "student of the month", by the end of school she was "most improved student of the year". My only concern is that she already needs the 30mg dose."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I take one a day. It helps me concentrate, and also helps me feel ambitious and less depressed. But when it wears off in the evening, I start feeling sad and easily agitated. I can take up to 2 a day, but I usually only take one, because I don't want it to cause any heart problems."
Review of Methylphenidate: "This is the only medication that has worked for me, with limited side effects. I love this and would highly recommend it if your insurance will cover it (though not all will)."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 9. I'm now 22. I've been on many medications for it. My favorite would have to be Adderall because it works now. Strattera is time release and it takes weeks to actually notice a difference. If you have patience for it then I'd recommend it."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 12 years old son started Vyvanse 30mg more than one month ago. He is happy with the result in school. But what bothers me is he is kind of in slow motion especially in school (the teachers reported that)."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Better than a lot of other ADHD medications. Helped me lose 5-10lbs in only a month, but my weight remained the same for a while then went back up to original weight, probably because of starting other medications. Been on it for 8 months, and it has helped with reading and impulsivity related to ADHD, but does not give a boost of energy and productivity like Dexedrine or Vyvanse does."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was on adderall for about 10 years after I lost too much weight on Dexatrin. I began when I was about 10 and went all the way up to 40-60 mg a day, depending on how I felt. I was great for focus, but I definitely had sweaty pits, which I find really annoying. After Adderall stopped working, I switched to Concerta for 3 years, then to VyvanSe, which was incredible. All of these medications, though, made me feel like a schizo. Because I started so young, I got used to the feelings, but I would be a robot when I was on them, and coming down, irritable until I ate, then crazy hyper. Adderall did everything it was supposed to do, and because of it I was able to get into a great boarding school, great college, and now grad school."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Nothing would quite fix me. Not antidepressants, or therapy or Adderall.  Depressed all the time, screaming on the inside.  Had days I literally could not do anything. Unfocused at work, hated my job, life and wife.  Changed psych doctors, prescribed Strattera, titrated more slowly than sample pack, got up to 60 mg. Way happier. Less sensitive - don't get hurt easily. Take criticism better. Wife notices big difference in mood- always thought it was depression.  It's ADD and Strattera is perfect for it.  Just hope it keeps working!"
Review of Focalin: "My 6.5 yr old son takes 5mg XR on school days only.has been on it for 30 school days.  He does great in school and it appears a miracle help to him. It does seem to wear off too early so I will talk to the Dr. About that next week. When he comes home from school and we try to do his homework it is a nightmare. He has a very mild case of ADHD.  He eats well so far. He sleeps better and longer now than he did before starting the medicine. But a few weeks ago he told me he feels his heart beating fast and pains in his left side in physical education. Took him for a complete cardio. Check with EkG, ultrasound and all kinds of other tests. He checked out in perfect condition. So we will keep an eye out and see."
Review of Strattera: "well...... it worked.that's about all I can say.You'll be able to focus, and if you don't mind the fact that the ONLY thing you'll be able to focus on is how tired, nauseated, and occasionally slightly mad you feel, this is the medicine for you.despite that, it's worth nothing that i'm only 17 and ~130 pounds which is really close to the minimum weight on the box. based on what i've seen, it seems to work better for ~30  year olds who aren't underweight. not a professional, obviously, though, so take this with a grain of salt."
Review of Kapvay: "My 8-year old son has been on various stimulants, in addition to regular clonidine, Intuniv, Risperdal, Seroquel, Strattera and Abilify.My son is extremely impulsive and aggressive to our family on a daily basis, and I had been thinking that nothing would help our son. Our new psychiatrist recommended Kapvay and we were very skeptical, as our son was irritable and even more aggressive regular clonidine with Kapvay, there has been a SIGNIFICANT decrease in our son's aggressiveness.  He is still very obsessive, rude and defiant verbally.  So physically, we rate Kapvay a TEN in decreasing aggression.  But only rated it a seven due to other factors.  It is the ONLY medicine that has helped physical aggression for our son."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 19 years old 4'11, small-framed, and I weigh 85 pounds. I didn't notice a great change in weight when I stopped it for one whole summer when I was 11. I just gained 4 more pounds. Nonetheless, I'm not underweight, bulimic, or anorexic. I've always been thin and petite.I'm on 60mg of Vyvanse for ADHD currently, but I've been prescribed it for awhile.What can I say about this medicine? It's great! Yes, it suppresses the appetite a little, and sometimes I have to force myself to eat. This medication doesn't alter my personality oddly like Adderall. I'm still me, just more focused. My only complaint is that it mostly wears off in the evening when I need focus. I'm a singer too, so dry mouth is a side-effect that I could do without."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I was diagnosed with ADD when I was seven, I think. I had behavior issues in my second grade class and I drove my teacher nuts with my constant distractions and my lack of focus. Little things like small talk and excessive noises triggered my symptoms and I was put on Ritalin LA when I was eight. Ritalin was awful for me. I didn't sleep very well at all. I had periods of insomnia and when I would sleep it was very prolonged in hours of sleep I was getting. Finally, after a couple of years suffering with this Ritalin I talked with my doctor about trying a new medicine called Focalin XR when I was 13 and I am almost 18 now. Focalin XR has been really wonderful for me. My focus is better. It does cause diarrhea, and mood swings."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son is 10 years old. I suspected he had ADD when he was 6 and the teacher kept telling me he was spacing out in school, but he is also so smart I decided maybe the work was just too easy and he was bored. In 4th I couldn't take the complaints (almost daily)and had him tested and he was diagnosed with ADD and given Concerta. I can only tell you that his math teacher sent me home a note on the day he started medication to ask where I got my new son from, she could not believe it. She said he even went in during his lunch break to catch up on some work. He lost his appetite for the first week or so, but regained it and hasn't had trouble sleeping at all. He is happier, his teachers are happier and I am HAPPIER! Thank You CONCERTA."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I actually thought this worked better than Adderall instant release, when comparing dosage amounts. For example, 10mg dextroamphetamine worked just as well for me as 15-20mg Adderall."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Quillivant has changed our lives. My 12-year old son has ADHD with slight autism. When he isn't on medication he is depressed, cries a lot and can be inappropriate. He won't swallow a pill. We tried a few medications and the patch, but they all had instant side effects. We love that Quillivant is a liquid and at 5ml he is very happy. The only slight side effect is decrease in appetite. It wears off 8 hours later when we give him a Ritalin pill that he chews. Yuck. We couldn't be happier with this product, but it is hard to find at pharmacies. Get a discount card for only a $20 co-pay."
Review of Adderall: "my doctor gave me adderall because i cant sit still long enough to concentrate and study and do productive things at work. He gave me 10mg to take twice a day but i didn't feel any effects from the drug. I decided to take 2 10mg at the same time and still nothing. I am so sad right now because all i want to do is concentrate and study and do my job with concentration. I was really excited to take these pill but now am dissapointed. I think I am one of those people who are resistant to stimulant medication"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I began taking this before I began any other medication. It made me more anxious and nervous. It also seemed to increase my OCD (the "pure O" form) by making me more prone to think about my OCD. It did help me to focus on occasions, but it also made me focus on my anxieties and obsessions as well. My therapist told me that stimulants like this one and Concerta are not good for people with anxiety disorders (almost all of them), unless they have anxiety because they cannot focus and accomplish necessary tasks. I recommend talking to a counselor or Psychologist/psychiatrist before being prescribed stimulants for ADHD."
Review of Dexedrine: "Dexedrine is a SUPERB medication for controlling ADHD Impulsivity. It's a 100% smooth and clean ride compared to Adderall. Unfortunately for me though I lack motivation so Adderall is a better choice for me. I did rate this out of Symptom control. If Dexedrine motivated like Adderall does it would literally be the perfect medication.Pros:Superior FocusReduced Impulsive decisions the best.Side effects are minimal compared to AdderallCons:Lacks motivational Kick that Adderall delivers.Only comes in 5MG, 10MG, & 15MG Capsules and is expensive."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have ADHD and have been taking Adderall for 5 years now. I take 30mg in the morning and sometimes a 10mg in the afternoon. It helps me to focus in school and get better grades. I have gotten to the point where I will not even go to school without it."
Review of Atomoxetine: "It works, is all I can say. Started on the sample pack at age 12 (I am 16 now, but will never forget my experience). It worked, I cannot say that it didn't, but it gave me the worst side effects possible. After about a month of the medicine, I was diagnosed with depression as a result of Straterra. When I took it, in probably 2011, the box said, "may cause suicidal thoughts or actions", which my physician did not warn me about. Then all of the sudden I was extremely depressed and suicidal and my psychiatrist discovered that Straterra was the cause. He has had several cases before where the mental illness was caused by a drug, and nothing else. Good medicine, just beware of the side effects!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "I've been on this medicine (80mg) for about a year now.  Every time I go off of it or forget to take it for whatever reason, I have the same side effects when I start up again: severe nausea and dizziness, to the point where I have to lay down for up to an hour at a time.  However, those pale in comparison to the benefits: I can focus, complete both small tasks and big projects, read and comprehend material more easily, and am infinitely more relaxed and less anxious.  I've also been in recovery for a food addiction for the past three years and it's helped tremendously with the compulsive thoughts about food.  Unfortunately I'm now noticing that the benefits seem to be wearing off, and I'm considering either upping my dosage or switching medicines."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was diagnosed with ADHD and I have been on several different medicines and all they did was make it worse and made me feel more angry and just want to stay by myself at all times. I hated everyone and everything. I couldn't go anywhere because I would get panic attacks. I couldn't complete tasks.  I was nothing but miserable. I was put on Concerta, and I am nothing but amazed how much different I feel and what I can do. I communicate with people, even people I pass in the stores. I complete every task I start. I enjoy being a mom, wife, and a grandmother. Most of all, I Love My Life! Thank You Concerta!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm a 20 year old female who started taking Vyvanse about a year ago. I take two 70s every morning and I still end up feeling exhausted around 9 every night. I'm pretty sure I'm heavily bipolar though and that my family isn't listening to me causing me to frankly, lose my mind. I end up skipping a lot of pills and that seems to help. Those days I feel comfortably idle."
Review of Vyvanse: "My son was diagnosis with ADD two years ago. He was also struggling with Anxiety. Was seeing a therapist.  He is now 17  A year ago he was put on Vyvanse 30mg and 50mg of Zoloft.  My son did say that by the last couple of class it wears off.  3 months ago we down his Zoloft to 25mg.  His therapist discharged him saying he didn't need to come any more.  Now the 30mg  doesn't seem to be working.  We went back to his doctor who is new since his doctor left the firm. She is putting him on 40mg of Vyvanse. His other doctor didn't want to go up.  I wanted to up the Zoloft back to 50mg. Doctor says no take the higher dose of Vyvanse.  I have not started it yet. Have to wait because I just got the lower dose and the discount card won't pay twice."
Review of Kapvay: "My 6 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD last year. I saw signs during the preschool years as he was kicked out of three schools. This has been a trying year as we started him on Concerta, Focalin 2.5, & Focalin ER, Intuniv:(Although the stimulants were great and we saw the benefits, it was difficult for me to see the negative side effects (tics and meltdown).  I had mentioned to my doctor a month ago about Clonidine to reduce side of effects of stimulants. She declined as she was uncomfortable with providing adult medication to children. However, she contacted me about Kapvay which has been wonderful. Day 6 and a bit sleepy unlike Intuniv (sedated). I will keep you up to date."
Review of Strattera: "In my 30's, energy levels dropped and  found life more challenging.  I would wonder how I could get through the day.   I took adderall  but could feel that it wasn't right.  I guess it felt too much of a party drug.  After a few doses, I actually just felt, I suppose buzzed, not able to complete tasks.  Perhaps the dose wasn't high enough?  I went to my doctor with a list of meds. and notes.  He picked up on straterra, which wasn't top.  The instructions said it may take a month to work! It was instant!  I am less irritable, have more mental energy.  My brain must have been tired and my thoughts are more positive than negative.  I have all the side effects, inconsistently.  They are far outweighed by ++.  Also try matcha green tea!!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Very helpful to me at work. I can get much more done in 1day and keep on track. Only sometimes I might get headaches though."
Review of Vyvanse: "First off, would like to say that I have and always have had severe ADHD and have been on Adderal XR 30mg since it first came out 15 yrs ago at 30mg.   Always had my psych trying to get me to try Vyvanse and turned it down until last week when I realized over the last 2 years my Adderall seemed not to be working and would wear off by 1pm every day and still scattered.Was highly apprehensive at first and started out at 60mg on Vyvanse to begin and likely will be at 70 next Dr visit.Vyvanse has been a true god send for my condition and a miracle drug 4 me.  Can think clearly for first time in years and accomplish goals at work and home and much longer lasting- I highly recommend - downside is it takes about 2 hours to fully start working."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I been on this ADHD medication, but never was on it for more then 3 months. I am always switched due to the weight lose. When I first took it I was about 135lbs, after 2 months I was 98lbs. I lost over 35 pounds. This was in 2010. I stopped taking it because it wasn't helping me. Within those months my doctor kept putting me on different medicines, none worked. I started school with no medicines, I was on the high honor all, my mom wanted me to take it because I couldn't focus I was so HYPER. So my doctor put me on Concerta again. I have been on and off, but I have been consistent for 1-2 weeks. I have noticed my face is very itchy and blotchy and I want to hide and cry. Well I'm getting good grades but lost 10lbs in a week. "
Review of Focalin XR: "I am a 60 year old male with ADHD, who would have ever thought it? I started using Focalin IR 5mg after cutting it into four(4) pieces. I would take one quarter piece every three hours. It took me from being nonproductive to productive again with very few side effects. I am now taking Focalin XR, 10 mg in the morning and a 5 mg 6 hours later in the afternoon. I think my ideal dose will end up at 15 mg am and 10 mg afternoon to reach the optimal dose. The only side effect has been heartburn, a slight headache and being a little jittery with a occasional outburst of anger. I can handle the side effects which have subsided somewhat, to get the wonderful effects of this medication! ALIVE AGAIN AT 60 yrs old!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "What can I say, dx with mild ADD too (who isn't anymore)  But this taken with Effexor XR has helped very much with apathy, motivation, energy and enjoyment of life!  Dr.'s reluctantly Rx this bc it is Schedule 2 substance and is mostly Rx'd for ADD/ADHD but it has a profound effect in boosting the effects of an antidepressant.  Taken alone for depression?  Not really a good idea bc it wears off fast.  I take 20-30 mg a day (TID)"
Review of Guanfacine: "We started my 5 yr old on this, the 1 worked for him for a few weeks, then we noted an increase in aggression and hyperactivity. They upped him to 2 mg and now he has not slept in days no more than 4 hours a night and then he wakes and starts kicking the door to his room and screams at the top of his lungs until we get him up, he has trashed his bedroom and said he noticed curtains moving when there are no movement. He is loud and violent and swearing, I called the DR right away after the first night of him saying his curtain rod was moving, so they said take it at night instead, but then waking up for a week at 3 am has been a nightmare. We are so stressed and over whelmed with this behavior he is out of control."
Review of Concerta: "I'm 16, and have been taking Concerta for about a year now. It works well and really helps me focus, but I do have a lack of appetite and trouble sleeping. Neither of those are really bad though. My 2 biggest complaints are first that I feel less creative while I'm on it and second, when I don't take it now my concentration is horrible, and I get less done than before I started taking it."
Review of Concerta: "Concerta helped me so much. Before Concerta, I dreaded doing school work or even regular household chores. While on it, I want to do my homework and chores. It makes me 200x more focused overall, which means more learning and better grades. I went from C's and F's to A's and some B's"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was recently put on Adderall for ADD. I have suffered ever since I can remember with not being able to focus on anything, having a wandering mind, and doing very poorly in school. I began to just think school wasn't for me. I had heard many negatives on Adderall and that is why I never asked my doctor if it would be an option for me. He suggested I give it a try and now I am on 10 mg every day/as needed and I feel better than I have in years. It has helped my depression/anxiety as well. I am happy to learn now and attend school. Wonderful drug for me."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Very smooth stimulant. Effective for a little over 8 hours in my experience, not the 12 or 13 hours the manufacturer claims. I take 40mg and have for over a month and have no need to up the dose. I gave it 9/10 instead of 10/10 because it takes 2 to 3 hours to start working. But there is no crash and is incredibly smooth compared to IR Adderall, Focalin or Ritalin. I also have an prescription for 10mg IR Adderall to take at 5pm so after work I can study or work out or just be productive because by 5pm the Vyvanse has totally worn off."
Review of Atomoxetine: "28 year old female.I have both positives and negative effects. I have been on Strattera for six weeks Side effects constipation,dry mouth,anger and terrible insomnia. I cannot sleep even after taking zoplicone 7.5mg I struggle and when I eventually do get to sleep I don't sleep for more than 5 hours and its always broken I wake up several times so am always left feeling exhausted. My mood swings however have massive improved, pretty much stopped which I'm very happy about. Only complaint with mood is that I seem to become very angry over little things, I have had several arguments when I have always suffered with anxiety so am not confrontational at all.I am not happy and going to consult my psychiatrist regarding changing meds"
Review of Guanfacine: "It's has been a miracle. My son is 7 and on 1 mg for 8 weeks. He has PDD and ADHD.His impulsiveness and odd behavior last year was so bad that they took him out of the classroom and put him full time in autistic support room. They pulled all academics from him and were just trying to finish the year without him hurting any other kids. It was bad. I was looking at outpatient facilities for him in case we barely made it through the year. In summer we tried many medicines, all not effective. Last one was Intuniv. He was so tired for 3 weeks. Week 4 was when the miracle happened. His anger was gone, impulsiveness less. School started and things were great. He is back to the classroom. Has had no incidences of aggression. It has saved him."
Review of Methamphetamine: "Works very good as a stimulant in the treatment. It also helps in calming the brain. Storm of thoughts without the hyperfocus that other stimulants seem to bring on."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have been  taking stratter for 3months now ! I'm more tired when I take it bad I'm assuming gas pains but I don't care for it !"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son has had ADHD for as long as I can remember. We have been through 5 different ADHD medicines with some sort of side affect with each one. I started doing research and finding out what my options were. I found the Vyvanse by accident and I had to find out more. What I read was so amazing I wanted it for my son. I couldn't believe how hard it was to get the Doctors to understand I knew what I was doing and I was going to do whatever it took to get my son the proper help. Well needless to say my son has been on this medicine for quite a few months now and the difference is Amazing. He went from D and F's (not kidding) to an A student in this past report card. To see the smile on his face and the sense of accomplishment was worth it all. "
Review of Atomoxetine: "My 8 year old son took this, and had an extreme allergic reaction.  I thought it was something else, but on day 5 his eyes swelled and his face broke out.  It took a while to get out of the system.On the other hand, my 11 year old daughter is taking Strattera 25mg, and it has worked great for her.  She is reading like crazy, and she's never been able to focus enough to read.  When ever she took stimulants, she would get a lot of stuff done, but she would be anxious and sad.  This medication is the only one that she's taken that didn't make her sad.I rate it a 5 because it worked terrible for one child, but has been great for the other."
Review of Daytrana: "I am an adult on this medicine now for a little over a month.  I could not sleep at night because I could not get my brain to "turn off"  I had constant headache and horrible migraines which I am treated for by a neurologist.  My blood pressure was out of control most days over 175 with the bottom number at high 90's to 110.  Not good.  Since being on it  I have not had one migraine, my blood pressure is 120's over 60 to 70's and I can put it on and go right to sleep if I want to.  I actually sleep through the night now. I can not tell you how happy I am to feel so good.  Side effect; the patch leaves red skin that does not heel for days.  I am so excited.  My son takes Concerta now for 6 years and has good results but not like this."
Review of Guanfacine: "I started intuniv when I was 11 almost 12 and those first 6 months were hell, I would sleep from the time I got home from school so 3 p.m. until 6 a.m. the next morning and WAS STILL TIRED! I would fall asleep in class or on the bus it was miserable. We told the doctor and she said well just push through it and push through the tiredness, might I add if you were ever on this medicine it is not a tired you can just push through. But I tried to anyways for the next year or so and I would not sleep everyday as much but there were some days where I would sleep the entire days away! It did get better but I would still fall asleep in class and be exhausted constantly!! FINALLY when I was 15 the dr took me off of that and its been so wonderful!!!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Had trouble sleeping."
Review of Guanfacine: "My son is almost six years old and was recently diagnosed with ADHD.  He was evaluated due to the fact that he was always in trouble in school, home and getting kicked off of the bus.  He also seemed to struggle with focusing on us when we talked.  His doctor had us try Intuniv... we started at 1mg every morning. The positive change was very noticeable.  He was calmer, had a less aggressive attitude, and even used his indoor voice. It did make him sleepier but that only lasted for the first two days.  He is on his third day of 2mg and is doing well.  For the past few weeks he hasn't been getting into trouble at school and his bus driver said he is doing amazing.  He also seems to be focusing better."
Review of Bupropion: "I started taking Bupropion SR 150 mg for major depression brought on by untreated/undiagnosed ADHD. The doctor proscribed me to treat my major depression but found that it also caused me to be able to focus on what I needed to do such as read journal articles, something I was never able to before without getting bored. This lead to the ADHD diagnosis. I saw a notable change in my focus, energy levels and mood. No longer have suicidal thoughts and I can sit and read the information I need for research without getting a headache from rereading the same line over and over. The 3 side affects I have noticed were dry mouth, rapid weight loss and increased HR (110-115) with second dose (only take 150 a day now)."
Review of Mydayis: "I've been taking Mydayis for about 2 weeks.I was diagnosed with ADHD 7 yrs ago and took Adderall XR 30mgs +10mgs every day. Even though it helped me in many ways it also made me anti-social, anxious, over use it sometimes and very thirsty at all times.For those reasons I decided to try something else (Mydayis 37.5). Honestly, I feel much more motivated, my energy increased, I'm not longer anti-social, no crash, and most importantly I can focus well.For about a week I had some side effects, (increased heart beat, couldn't sleep, focus well high BP) so give it some time to adjust. I also read that most people that switched from Vyvanse to Mydayis are suffering from depression. Be careful"
Review of Adzenys XR-ODT: "Today was first day of use (15.7 mg), after switching from Adderal 30 mg daily. Could not tell I had taken anything at all. My thinking is no more clear. I have zero energy. Vyvance caused a tazer-like spasm down my spine, when I tried it a few years ago. Adderal has become less effective, but does still help me to focus."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I have taken pretty much every type of medication for ADHD. Dextroamphetamine, by far, works best for me. While Adderall contains dextroamphetamine, the l-amphetamine and it gives me very bad anxiety. Dextroamphetamine helps me focus without causing extra anxiety, and I prefer the instant release, which allows me to fall asleep. Ritalin caused anxiety even worse than Adderall did. One thing I recommend is to take a day or two off every week or so. If not, your tolerance might build up and you might find the medication is not working. Also, you need to learn to pay attention to your bodies other signals telling you went to eat. You probably will not feel hungry and your stomach. This does not mean you don't need food, however."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Worst drug to alter your mind and make you crazy. Severely depressed and suicidal"
Review of Strattera: "I had mild trouble sleeping and developed Raynaud's after 2 years of taking this."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "This medication ruined me. When I was in my freshman year of high school I could see no point in living. I started taking this in the second grade and now it has literally no effect. I was failing all of my classes and I gave up on trying to go to college, this drug makes you think their are two yous, the medicine "normal" or the non medicated "annoying". The only reason doctors give this to people is to get money, scheduling appointments every 3 months."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been taking concerta for 3 years now and I'm 18. I started out with 18mg and slowly went up to 54mg. My grades went from really low to average in weeks but the side effects are really crappy. I have troubles sleeping at night and I feel things that aren't there. I also have a big loss of appetite and have to force myself to eat sometimes. I have days where I get really depressed to the point that I don't want to get out of bed and do anything. I also feel really anxious and on edge and I start scratching/ picking at my skin which gave me scars all over my back. I thought about it and went off the pill and my grades suddenly dropped again. The pill really does help with focus and motivation but the side effects are really tough!!!"
Review of Concerta: "It makes me sweat a lot and have panic attacks."
Review of Vyvanse: "My daughter is 6 years old and was diagnosed with ADHD when she was 4. I just recently put her on medication due to the fact her grades were slipping and she was in trouble constantly at school. She is on 30mg of Vyvanse. Although she has improved 100% at school she comes down off the medication at about 5pm and is a holy terror. She gets put to bed at 8 and does not fall asleep until some time around midnight. Also she does not eat hardly anything but she has always been that way for the most part."
Review of Concerta: "From school right through to starting college I was a lone wolf. Didn't like many people, got into a lot of fights. Was not bothered about doing well. People only stuck by me because they were scared of me. At the age of 16 I got into smoking a lot of weed and made myself even more of an outcast. Turned into a brain dead idiot. One day I tried amphetamines or 'speed' as its known as. Everybody else got high, I got a better job. Went back to college, became really popular, got girlfriends etc.. Eventually all that went down hill as street drugs are unpredictable. Went Doc's for help, was diagnosed with ADHD apparently had it all my life.vDoc put me on concerts 56mg daily. Pretty much the same effects as the speed. Love it   no sides:)"
Review of Adderall XR: "Alright, if you're here, you probably already know most of this, but I'll say it anyway... This drug is f'ing amazing.  I was a medical student before I accepted the fact that I had some serious issues with inattention.  Some doctors/psychologists/etc. will try to tell you that you don't have ADD because you didn't beat kids up in class in elementary school, or because you managed to achieve some academic success, but let me tell you.. it's real son!  I made it through med school with minimal use, but my surgical residency became a disaster quick.  Please believe me when I tell you that this med single handedly saved my career as a surgeon.  If you have any doubts, it's worth your while to look into adderall."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This drug works great at first until you need more and more to focus. Stay away from this med if you don't truly have ADHD or you have hypertension."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Strattera is the worst ADHD medicine I've ever been on!  I was originally on Ritalin (worked well, but not long enough), then on Vyvance (worked great but doctor didn't like my higher blood pressure) and now I'm finally off Strattera after being on it for 11 months, because it didn't work!  My doctor is concerned about high blood pressure that can trigger heart attacks and strokes.  I'm having lots of problems coming off the Strattera.  My doctor is not willing to help with a medication change.Doctors don't know what it is like to experience the problems of ADHD and what we go through."
Review of Clonidine: "Well my Doctor boosted my ADHD medicine Adderall XR to 30 mg and I have a hard time falling a sleep even after a 14 hour work day. So he prescribed clonidine  to  counter my Adderall XR. Adderall helps me function at work really well. But my sleep disorder has worsen. I was taking Xanax and Ambient to sleep, but since I started adderall XR I had to stop taking the other two medications. What helps you sleep?"
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 16 yr old female and was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 6. I was on Ritalin, then something else, then Concerta and it was hard. I had major depression, lack of sleep, lack of appetite and the ability to feel any emotion was gone. Yes I'm an A student but I was not happy, so I tried Vyvance. It doesn't last as long but I am happier. I can feel emotion now and I'm still getting A's and B's."
Review of Vyvanse: "this is my first day taking it, but i am calm and focused, just like i always imagined normal people are. 10 stars!"
Review of Intuniv: "My son is 9 years old and was "officially diagnosed" a year ago.  He was on Focalin for 2 months, than started Concerta 18mg for 6 months.  The Concerta was going great however, he developed odd behaviors like making noises and zoning out.  He started Intuniv a month ago.  His blood pressure dropped really low which attributed to him being very tired.  We gave it to him at night and he still woke up groggy and very sleepy.  Throughout school he was dazed and tired.  He didn't find anything to laugh about and seemed out of it.  During the third week (the 3mg dosage) his therapist took him off.  Within 3 days he was laughing and having getting back to normal.  I heard great things about Intuniv and wish all of you the best of luck."
Review of Strattera: "I knew I always was ADHD, but I found that this medicine really helped to stabilize my mood. I used to be grouchy all the time, now I feel more laid back. I also suffer from Ulnar Neuropathy, and it seems to really help with the pain! So far I enjoy this medicine. I'm a little concerned it might directly affect my short-term memory though."
Review of Strattera: "-- Initial ramp up weeks made me sleepy and very "cloudy". Good luck if you manage a team at work or have a detailed oriented job.-- The "best" period lasted for a couple of months. Sleeping was normal and I felt pretty "clear-headed". However, it made my emotions "neutral" to almost everything. Like a cardboard cut-out of the real me. No laughing at jokes. No "natural" sense of urgency when the situation called for one. -- Then the side-effects really kicked in. I would get dizzy when standing up. Then dizzy just sitting up in bed. I recall I read something about it can mess with your blood pressure. The "gray cardboard cutout" feeling got much stronger, plus I could not easily carry on a conversation during meetings."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Should have started with Adderall at first. My eight year old son is doing good."
Review of Concerta: "First couple of days it was working well then I started noticing mood swing, insomnia, anxiety, anger, agitation on top of that lack of energy and a sore throat. It's ok but not worth all these side effects."
Review of Strattera: "First of all, unless Strattera is seriously messing with your brain, you should really be patient and keep taking it to see if it really works. I thought several times about quitting, but since I have been fighting depression and ADHD my whole life, why not give it another month to take effect? I started a month at 25mg, a month at 40mg, and about 2 weeks at 80mg. Wow, have things really taken off for me! I am getting so much done at home and am motivated to get a job again! The one downside is the cost. Seriously? My insurance won't cover it so my 80mg prescription was almost $500! To combat nausea, take with food always! It may interact with vitamins too, so take those at the opposite time of day. Most side effects went away after 2 wks."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have had ADHD for as long as I can remember. My first real memory is when I was an altar boy. I would go to the church but could never concentrate on what I was supposed to be doing. I would forget pretty much everything and was just sort of walking through things as a zombie. Every time I had to serve a mass I had to rework everything in my brain. This went on for years through school where I couldn't pay attention and I would actually ask the same question two or three times. I did not find Adderall until later in life because when I was young it was not available. After taking 15 milligrams of the instant release twice a day my life changed for the better. I was able to concentrate for the first time. Not covrd by ins as am +20"
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I've taken many different medications for my ADHD  over the years, Adderall, Ritalin, Strattera, Concerta and Vyvanse. Dexedrinne is the most effective with almost no side effects. I only experienced slight appetite suppression with it and it never effected my mood negatively nor did I ever feel "cracked-out" on it. I now take Vyvanse because the slow release works better with another medication I take; however, I would strongly recommend Dexedrine to anyone who is looking for an effective treatment for ADHD. "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Hi, I was tried to be put on Ritalin when I was 5 and it simply wasnt gonna happen w my parents.  So I continued school and still had c and d grades.  I went to a Dr, did all these tests and said I have ADD/ADHD\ w anxiety disorder.  Which was from all the MDMA abuse.  So I am on 30 mg IR adderall (the ones with the 30 on em) only ones that dont make my mouth dry and 2mg xanax 4 times a day.  Let me say I wake up everyday excited to go to work.  I used to be a hardcore tablet junkie and now since I take these two I dont drink and I dont do illegal drugs.  These two rxs Were a match made in heaven.  I take 2 green bars and 1 adderall in the morning and Im flying at work in the IT/ software field.  These two have saved my life. Best combo"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Today was my first day on mydayis 50mg. I was taking vyvanse 50mg but it was only helping for about 4-5 hours then wearing off. Today I could really tell the difference in my concentration/ focus and my energy; it was much better. I did however feel tired about an hour to two hrs after taking it but then got  motivation after that for the remainder of the day. Like I said my focus was better I wasnt running around my house like a crazy woman starting a ton of tasks and finishing none. I was able to get things accomplished pretty easily today. I am remaining hopeful that mydayis will continue to work for me."
Review of Guanfacine: "My daughter is 9 and has been switching through several stimulant ADHD medicines for 2 years. She can't sleep at night without a sedative and she weighs 65 pounds, at almost 10 years old because she just can't eat. She would literally eat something small for breakfast and nothing for the rest of the day, most hopeless feeling watching your child starve and refuse to eat. We are switching to this and Vyvanse, from clonidine and Concerta. It's only her fist day, but she ate 3 FULL meals today, we are hoping to get her down to just this medication, but you can't just pull her off the stimulants. I'll be sure to post and update how happy I am with it several times to see how it progresses. After reading here I am very hopeful."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 32 year old. I have been on Vyvanse for about 2 weeks now and I love it. I have never been diagnosed with ADD and about 2 months ago I was given Straterra first. I hated that. My Doctor switched me to 30mg Vyvanse and the first day I noticed a difference. It lasted me about 10-12 hrs. My appetite went down a little but nothing to bad. Other than that there are no other side effects for me. I would definitely recommend Vyvanse."
Review of Methylphenidate: "it's a lot more mild than Ritalin and more effective than Focalin. The only problem i have with it would be weight loss (i'm 5'2" and only 100 lbs) and sometimes i can't react as quickly as i would without the medication. weird, but an awesome drug for any adhd or add college student. It instantly gets rid of fidgeting and you'll be able to listen and focus to the most boring lecture imaginable (and learn from it!)."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Before adderall i was on edge i had put everything off and neglected myself and my relationship. Now i have that drive to want to do what i love eapecially art.  Im a graphic atrist and have that drive again. Anyone that is irritable with every little thing feel lazy cause u dont want to leave your house and have no social life please see a doctor to test u for adhd add it will I promise change and possibly save ur social life and self esteem"
Review of Focalin XR: "I'm an adult who has taken this off and on for 4 years.  I've always had trouble concentrating and Focalin is an effective fix.  I do think there are minor side-effects though.  It makes me feel much more focused and less worried/panicked about what I need to do.  Unlike other though I would not say it calms me down I feel like it actually stresses me out more.  When I take this I'm more serious and easily annoyed and I can't relax.  I have also found that my appetite drops off and that I don't sleep very deeply.Overall a great medicine but for me and many ADHD people our symptoms are brought out due to simply a lack of strenuous physical exercise (1hr) every day.  When on a regular exercise and sleep schedule I do not need it."
Review of Guanfacine: "I must say I have been through a lot of medicines. Wasted money but most of all watching my kid struggle with his high anxiety and his inability to focus or sit down. He now focus better in school and his teacher describes him as on task now and takes time to ask her questions if needed. I had a lot of nights crying thinking I was a bad mother! I would lose control and not be able to handle his constant stubbornness and defiance he is a beautiful energetic boy with an amazing personality but just needed to be taken down a few notches. This has done the trick. I started off on 1 mg and did not seem to do to much and after three months decided to move to 2. I tried all natural nothing worked. Good luck."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "This medicine made my anxiety worse. While I was very focused, I had a bad month while I was using this."
Review of Intuniv: "My son took this for a couple of years.  At first it was very effective, and I was excited to have a non-stimulant medication to treat his ADHD.  It did make him sleepy, and that was problematic, and then its effectiveness wore off.  "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I've been taking Vyvanse for a couple of months and I've have learned that the first couple of weeks taking the medication is really the hardest when it comes to side effects. I suffered from dry mouth, loss of appetite, head aches, some but very few mood swings. As far as sleep, I crash at the end of the day which can be due to this medication. I am irritable every now and then, but before I was very frustrated with everyday activities. It gives me energy for the most part. I'm not shaky or nervous like I was on Adderall XR. I haven't lost a ton of weight on Vyvanse unlike Adderall which I lost 60 pounds on within 4 months. "
Review of Ritalin: "I find Ritalin allows me to focus. With my ADD and bipolar I couldn't even read a book. My doctor says though its a stimulant, Ritalin tends not to push bipolars into mania. I was self medicating my ADD with caffeine which made me anxious so I'm glad the Ritalin replaces that. I'm on a low dose now and hope to increase to where the positive effects last longer, as they are short lived now."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I took a 30 mg dose of Vyvanse and it helped me focus all day. I feel much less depressed and have not noticed any nervous side effects. I have read that it makes sleeping difficult and will find out tonight. I like it."
Review of Vyvanse: "I started with 20 mg and it was great but after 5h I felt that I lost effect of medicine. Doctor ordered 40 mg instead and I felt depressed. Instead i'm taking 20 mg elvanse   10/15 mg adderal. I have to say that this medicine is the best ever. Side effects are dry mouth and sleep problems and tired when medicine goes away from the body. If you don't eat and drink water you gonna feel bad, remember that. I recommend to take magnesium if you feel tension in your body  and vitamine c before you going to sleep ( it makes that medicine goes away faster from your body).This medicine makes me focused, i do things properly done, likes to talk with other people and I feel so.. quite in my head. Before  tried ritalin and concerta, worst meds."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Was on Concerta 18mg for 3 years worked great. Stopped taking it, felt like I didn't need it anymore and I didn't want to pay for it then. Wasn't doing so well professionally or at home not getting chores done feeling real lazy etc. so I went back on the Concerta couldn't feel it this time bumped up to 36mg still most days didn't feel a difference tried Vyvanse definitely can feel motivation only doesn't seem to last as long as Concerta used to for me but I feel happy on Vyvanse, just wished it lasted longer also as a lot of people say less anxiety. I can say I don't have an anxiety problem on Concerta or on Vyvanse but Vyvanse feels like it has anti-anxiety medicine built into. I feel real comfortable where ever I go."
Review of Vyvanse: "My life has changed. I lived in the prison of my own mind which shackled me and withered my optimism like a flower deprived of water. But now I'm free. For the first time I know what it is like to want to do things and feel accomplished when they are done!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 43 yo mom of 2 (3 if you count my husband). I can't stress enough how much Vyvanse has completely changed my life. I was diagnosed with ADD after my oldest received her diagnosis about 10 yrs ago. I've tried Adderall, Concerta, & the like and even on high doses, NEVER experienced the clarity & energy I've gotten on just 20mg of Vyvanse. I've just started taking it 2 weeks ago & wish I had discovered this medicine years ago! The only issue is that this week I titrated up to 30mg and have noticed some irritability, so I think I'll go back to the lower dose.  Love, love, LOVE my new lease on life thanks to Vyvanse!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm a 15 year old girl who started off with Vyvanse for a year but became anorexic. I switched off to Concerta! The first couple of years I felt so amazing because I have never experienced what it felt like to succeed after trying so much. Then I got to High School. My meds ended a relationship. I was always paranoid and extremely nervous. I am like a robot now. I'm either extremely emotionless, really mad, or really paranoid. My friends tell me that it's like talking to a stranger. I get frustrated so easily and don't care about anyone or anything around me. I don't want to be taken off my meds because I'm really successful. But should I really have to choose between my loved ones and school. I shouldn't have to pick."
Review of Adderall: "Hi everyone. I am 25 years old married with a 6 month old son. I was diagnosed with severe ADHD at the age of about 10...I'm talking horrible behavior, bad grades, constant moving, etc. my mother told the doctors no medicine at that age. Then around 12 my mother caved in and gave me the adderall, I hated bc of the instant side effects for me.  I continued to take it until about 14 and I made a 100% improvement.  At 14 I learned to cope with the ADHD on my own. But now 11 years later in the real world with many stresses, my ADHD had gotten worse then ever, to the point that my wife wanted to leave me because she couldn't handle it.  I got my prescription back and my life is amazing.. 30mg IR 3x a day 1 in a.m 1 after lunch 1 on way home from work."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Felt more attentive and helped take away depression I had lived with for years."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I had unknowingly suffered from ADHD-PI for my entire life. I was constantly in trouble for losing my things, not paying attention in class, forgetting conversations, being unable to understand conversations, so on and so forth. My life was a wreck. My parents constantly told me that I was lazy and worthless. After I joined the military, I was diagnosed with ADHD and Adderall was the first and only medication that I was put on. I went from being the clumsy loser to the office hero. I recently started college and so far, I'm getting straight A's. This medication makes me cool, logical and focused. I took off a star because it makes me forget to eat sometimes and that makes me tired."
Review of Kapvay: "My granddaughter started Kapvay and she is almost 10 years old. She has been diagnosed with ADD. She was using Intuniv,  but 1 mg not enough for attention and 2 mg made her so so tired.Started Kapvay and WOWcannot sleep.huge blister on her lip.legs hurt so bad. She is almost 10 but small, she weighs 47 pounds (she was 2.8 lb preemie-11 weeks early). Have to stop medicine. I also read that it was not a great choice for ADD alone."
Review of Ritalin LA: "I found out about 5 years ago I had a sleeping disorder. I would fall asleep driven seating at Red lights and even at work. I never wanted to do anything but sleep. But now my Dr. Has me on Methylphenidate er 24 hr 40mg. Once a day and also ritilin 20mgs once a day. And now I can drive and work and not be scared to fall asleep. So now I can get on with my life and do things with my wife and sons and not want to sleep. It has changed my life for the best."
Review of Amphetamine: "I was taking 2 of the 20 mg Adderall a day and they wore off quick. Doctor had tried my son on this new medicine and worked for him. So I asked our doctor to switch me also, only draw back was that no one in our town carries it. I could either drive an hour to a Walgreens that carried or wait a week for the Walgreens in our town to get it in. Said they won't just order this medicine to keep on hand  until we have filled 4 prescriptions which I thought made no sense. Luckily our local CVS has it on hand and the $25 coupon our doctor gave us has been wonderful. With our insurance it would cost $89 but was able to get the first prescription FREE!!  And then each one after for $25.."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This pill definitely keeps me focused."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have been taking it for several years.  There was a time about a year ago when all the Pharmacies could not get any and I went about a month without.  Being a Service Advisor, I deal with a lot of numbers (Vin, License Plates, etc.). After a few days without, I started reversing a lot of the numbers.  I would see the correct order but would say out loud or write down a reversed version. I had to go slower and double check what I had written.  A positive side effect is it gets me off the couch on the day(s) I have off and motivates me to get stuff done around the house that needs to be done. It kept me up at night at first, but after awhile, I learned not to take it too late in the day. I would recommend it to anyone who has ADHD. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "ADHD makes life challenging enough, when the medicines that have worked for you for so many years are not longer available, the challenge grows. My doctor put me on this medicine and lowered the dose ...it's not working. "
Review of Guanfacine: "My son is 11 with ADHD and APD and has tried all the ADHD medicines out there. We had trouble with mood swings, appetite and overall inconsistent results. We started on the Intuniv November 2010. He has stopped at the 2 mg level. It was hard at first but his Doctor encouraged us to do the full 12 weeks on the medication to see full results and it has been worth it. He has gained about 8 pounds and grew almost 3 inches. We give it to him between 4-7 pm before bed and with food. He still gets a little dizzy some days but we also note that if he doesn't drink enough fluids that seems to be more prevalent. Some of the early side effects we saw were sleepiness. A little caffeine in the afternoon helped. THIS is by far the best we have had with our son ever."
Review of Concerta: "Ok this is where i am after two weeks. I'm turning 54 one of these days, Managing Director of my company and self diagnosed with ADHD about a month ago. I matched ALL the criteria. Went to see a doctor and he confirmed my suspicions. I relayed my struggles with studies at University and he referred to me attaining two degrees a 'miracle, I cannot begin to explain how difficult studying was not to mention having to sit through hours of lectures. There was no - and I stress - NO filter between my brain.mind and my mouth. Anger,profanity and impulse behavior was only curbed by my life-long ability to be able to fall asleep anywhere, anytime. Imagine an alien being in charge for 53 years. It's all gone. Why did no one help me with this before?"
Review of Guanfacine: "Medication was a joke. I've had issues with ADD and my doctors have refrained from prescribing me controlled substances, however Guanfacine (for the treatment of ADHD) felt insulting. A high blood pressure medication certainly isn't suitable for the treatment of what has been a debilitating medical condition for my entire life. Luckily, I'm back on Vyvanse and able to live a healthy, productive life without the influence of illicit drugs and alcohol. Dual disorders require treatment of ALL the underlying conditions, you can't spare one and hope it goes away while you treat the other."
Review of Desoxyn: "I feel like I can breathe!  This is the only medicine that resolves my ADD symptoms. I have tried everything else and they just can't compare. Totally makes it so I have the courage to live again, to walk up to people I don't know and talk to them, to feel less depressed, to stand up for myself, and above all to focus on the important things. I wish more doctors were informed of how helpful it really is to people who have adult ADD."
Review of Adderall: "I find this medication controls the symptoms of my ADHD with no side effects"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall has really helped me stay focused in school. Just be careful with your doses."
Review of Concerta: "It's amazing how much more focused my 16 year old son is, since he started his daily 36mg Concerta.  His work effort and work quality is improved dramatically.  Yes, managing his food consumption has been a bit of work.  His appetite is definitely not what it used to be, but we're working on it.  Although it's only been 3 weeks, we are all thrilled with his response.  Good luck to all!"
Review of Bupropion: "I got diagnosed with ADHD very early in life. They had me an Adderall. I stopped taking It around age 18. Now that I'm 21 and the ADHD is still prevalent I went to get help. They started me on Welbutrin to hell curb the depression and maybe help with the ADHD. I think my depression is cause by the ADHD. Not depression is cause ADHD. The welbutrin hasn't done to much for the ADHD side, but has helped with mood. I'd give a higher rating if this was depression."
Review of Adderall XR: "I am a 54 year old male just diagnosed.  I have been a successful overachiever all my life.  This drug has allowed me to stay on task and be much more focused.  I no longer feel the need to do 10 things at once and get nothing done.  I now have the benefit of good focus and concentration and don't feel I have lost any of the drive that has made me successful in the past.  No side effects.  Don't take it too late in the day though."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 59 year old man. I have taken Adderall 30 mg. 3x daily for about 4 years. I am very happy with its performance; it has changed my life. It's hard for me to imagine all those years of struggling I went through before I was properly diagnosed. I tried Vyvanse 70 mg. for one week. Although it worked in a fashion similar to Adderall, I feel as if I have better control taking the medicine 3 x a day. The Vyvanse would wear off and then come back and start to work again and I found it disconcerting; it was like a roller coaster. With Adderall, I can expect it will begin to wear off after 4-5 hours and I simply take another one, usually before it has lost its effectiveness, and I feel the same all day."
Review of Vyvanse: "My son, 12, is on 20 mg of Vyvanse.  He is ADHD and has reacted poorly to most of the other stimulants we tried.  The 30 mg caused him to have side effects of stomach pains and emotional irritability and rebound problems.  By switching him to 20 mg he is able to maintain his junior high honors classes and be functionable and focused. By going down to the 20 mg he is able to have a personality and yet not be flicking and annoying people.  Without the medicine he was unable to stay seated at the piano to practice and now he is proficient and can practice on his own without me telling him to sit down every 3 minutes.  It has also been a tremendous self esteem boost."
Review of Guanfacine: "My 7 year old son was put on Intuniv for about a month. At first he was having trouble sleeping and moody. He was getting worse in school never smiled, roller coaster mood swings and would cry easily. He even got to a point where he was suicidal. We stopped giving it to him and he is having withdrawal issues. He was only taking 1 mg of Intuniv. He was a lot better on the Focalin. "
Review of Adderall: "I have taken adderall for 12 years for ADHD and it has done wonders for me."
Review of Intuniv: "My 17 yr old daughter has been on Ritalin XL for three years, after having tried Concerta and Adderral. The doctor switched her to Intuniv and its reeked havoc on her body. She developed constipation so quickly, we thought she had appendicitis--ended up in emergency room!  To date she has slept about 18-20 hours per day, has eaten only 1/2 grilled cheese and some blueberries in 24 hours. She's also light headed and dizzy. Last night she thought someone was showering at 4am.  From reading these experiences, I believe Intuniv isn't right for her body. We know many kids it's worked for--unfortunately, not ours."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm 18 and I've been on Concerta for years. All the bad side effects I have so I tried other medications but nothing worked, so I went back to Concerta. I love it. It makes me focus and not annoy people but it makes me have mood swings and go into phases where I'll just not talk, not eat, just watch movies all day (not depression).  "
Review of Methamphetamine: "I would give it a 10 but will err towards conservative and give a 9; only because it has a high abuse potential and humans are inherently prone to some type of addiction.  It has pretty much NO side effects if taken as directed for adult add and after 5 years on it, I feel it has stabilized me more than any others.  Adderall is second place for me but it is more likely to make me irritable after therapeutic effects wane for the day.  I have taken Desoxyn before and fell asleep!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Been on it for five months. At first, didn't notice any change. Now I find myself daydreaming less. Concentration hasn't improved much, but I'm less impulsive and think things through more than I used to. Instead of having thousands of thoughts at once, I now only have hundreds. I like it it helps me."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 20 year old college student who was working full time when I started taking this medicine, Vyvanse. At the time when I was first given this medicine I was about 140lbs and I'm 5'7". And after about 4 months of taking the Vyvanse I weighed anywhere between 115-120lbs. Not good! The medicine made me totally not eat and run around like I was on drugs and couldn't sit still. I became so skinny I could see all of my ribs. I also felt like I had lost all emotions and the relationship with my parents were harmed because of this. I think part of the problem was the doctor just upping my dose whenever he felt like it and not being very responsible. But I just want to warn anyone who is thinking about taking Vyvanse to be careful and have a doctor who cares."
Review of Strattera: "I was prescribed Strattera for ADD 40 mg. and I was only on it for 6 days. I was warned about the side effect of having nausea and to eat before taking meds in the morning. I started Strattera on a Saturday morning and by that night I had diarrhea so bad that I thought I would have to sleep sitting on the toilet, I also had the feelings of being constantly angry,  I had really bad headaches, depression,  tireness, it worsened my anxiety and any time I would eat I ended up on the toilet for quite a while.  I was put on Strattera to help me with my ADD lack of concentration, etc,  needless to say, it didn't work what so ever. My poor butt thanked me when I quit taking it, hahaha."
Review of Focalin: "My son is now going on 9 we started out with adderall 5mg XR at age 5... as he got older we adjusted and went to 5mg twice a day, however!!  There were massive side effects with the Adderall mainly moods anger frustration among many others that I noticed at the age of seven we then started Focalin ,  however when we started the Focalin my son was put on a 20 mg dose to start extended release capsule he took the medication went to school and every day after lunch when the second those kicked in he would constantly have massive rage massive hallucination massive amounts of itching breakouts among other things..... The 20 mg XR was way to strong for him. We downgraded to a 10mg XR with a 2.5mg immediate release for back. Best decision we've made"
Review of Strattera: "I've taken strattera at first and didn't like it so went on adderall XR 15 mg once a day. Increased energy and increased focus.  After a while, the increased energy was TOO MUCH so I decided to try strattera. I dropped the adderall dose and took them both together for a Few weeks before discontinuing the adderall.   They feel virtually identical.  I take strattera twice a day to avoid daytime sleepiness & no longer feel over stimulated and zombified and I have energy, & increased focus. I did have a headache for the first couple of days. Took an adderall yesterday and yup felt identical. Could barely tell a difference except got a bad headache at the end of the day on the come down and I also felt like a zombie again. Oh yeah, no come down on strattera!"
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 44 years old and was recently diagnosed as ADD.  I am a successful professional that always had to work a little harder to achieve results due to my lack of concentration and tendency toward distractions.  I started taking Vyvanse, and have to admit I felt like Superwoman for about a week and ranted and raved about how much I was getting done without the jittery feeling most stimulants provide.  But then all in one day, I crashed.  I started getting extremely agitated.  I then would get so angry I would cry hysterically.  I quit taking the medication and within a few days my mood and attitude have leveled off.  Although, I have suffered from extreme vertigo and exhaustion since I have been off this medicine. I was on 30mg."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This drug was prescribed to after ritilin didn't work well. This medication helped my ADHD but the side affects were unbearable. Cotton mouth, irritability, anxiety, panic attacks. I seemed like the cons outweighed the pros. Much more successful than ritilin but not enough. My doctor decided to try Vyvanse, a new version of adderall with less side effects and better outcomes for treatment plus no crash after dinner "
Review of Methylphenidate: "Diagnosed in 1992 ADHD & prescribed Ritalin. Before I took Ritalin, I was forgetful, daydreamed, moody, couldn't focus for long, did soft drugs, drank alcohol, smoked cigs., and was negative minded. Now, I do none of the above. It makes me feel motivated to go to work, everyday, and I read novels from page 1 to the last page. Before, I never had the patience  to read past page 1. My Doc. prescribes me 60 mg. per day. To start my day, I take 1- SR20mg. with 1-10mg; then 4hrs. later, I take 1-10mg.; then 4hrs. later I take 1-SR20mg. The problem is, after the first 8hrs., I know I need a 10mg. for the next 4hrs. But my Doc. won't prescribe me over 60mg. per day cause he thinks that is the max. per day allowed. Any suggestions?"
Review of Methylphenidate: "So far so good. I've been taking the medicine for about 2 weeks now and I definitely like it better than other medicines I've been on."
Review of Adderall: "I have ADHD and this medication helps with everyday life. I can focus on what I'm doing. The only real problem I have with this medication is the fact that it affects how I treat others. In other words I get agitated a lot faster.  I don't want to be angry and before I took this medication I would always turn the other cheek, but now unfortunately I get real angry really fast."
Review of Intuniv: "My 6 year old son is on the 1mg for his short attention issues. He does complain sometimes about the tummy ache but it goes away. I have seen a big difference in his school work and his able to stay focus.  How ever I have to try other meds because my insurance will not pay for the medication. they feel as  if its to expensive."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Wellbutrin did nothing for me and Strattera caused erectile dysfunction and significant sleep disorders.  My doctor slowly increased my Adderall XR dosage until I hit the "sweet spot" which was 30mg for me.  40mg made me a little jittery and anxious.  In the correct dosage Adderall has improved my quality of life with no side effects.  I should note that if I miss a day I am fine but any longer without it and I become lethargic - so remember to refill your prescription as soon as you can so you don't run out.  I take the generic of this drug and it works great."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Diagnosed with ADD this year, I initially wanted to go without medications. Being a senior in college I have deadlines, and I noticed my grades suffering significantly. I decided to give medications a try. My doctor prescribed a 6-wk starter pack of Strattera (25-80mg). I noticed a difference in attentiveness but after week 4 I felt lethargic, unmotivated, sad, impatient, VERY irritable, and depressed. I didn't go to class, didn't turn in homework and my grades took a deeper dive in that month. My psychiatrist then prescribed Vyvanse (30mg). I have been on it for a month and it helps ME stay focused without losing sleep and decreasing my appetite, best of all my grades are improving! My worse side effect is dry mouth.Hope this helps(:"
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "By far the best medication I have tried for ADHD. It is great for someone who also social anxiety or anxiety in general. With Ritalin I had many negative side effects one of which is anxiety. Dexedrine is great. I do not even need to take my clonazepam (Klonopin) during the day because Dexedrine is so smooth."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "It works but I think it might be the effect from having extra energy so you do more things.  It definitely helps with motivation and depression.  Ironically it got rid of my anxiety as well."
Review of Vyvanse: "This medication ruined me. When I was in my freshman year of high school I could see no point in living. I started taking this in the second grade and now it has literally no effect. I was failing all of my classes and I gave up on trying to go to college, this drug makes you think their are two yous, the medicine "normal" or the non medicated "annoying". The only reason doctors give this to people is to get money, scheduling appointments every 3 months."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a student who has used Vyvanse for the last few years. I am currently taking 40mg-50mg. When I first tried it, a couple side effects were annoying but it didnt last that long. When I was in High School, most of the day I felt like doing my work and getting stuff done, and it made me see the positive in things. And  in college when I take it, especially on my days off, I get a lot of work done. I am not a very talkative person, but it made me feel like having nice conversations with people. In mid day, I am in a great mood, but sometimes it goes away every now and then. I dont feel like eating almost all day, but Its smart to eat breakfast before hand, and then dinner. I do have a small crash at the end of the day but it's worth it."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I'm a mid 20s female who should have been on ADD medicines years ago, this is the only one I've tried so nothing to compare it to. Love Adderall because of the obvious side effects: take it in the morning and can get out of bed in 30 minutes without feeling the normal exhaustion I've felt my whole life first few hours of day, no appetite so in beginning weight loss and now weight maintenance, and energy throughout the day (until it wears off), almost like an extreme diet pill. Even though I have energy to run around and could get stuff done, seem to just run around aimlessly not doing anything with a point. I snap and have a temper that I never used to have. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "This is my miracle drug!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "Allows me to focus, relieves undue anxiety and able to organize my daily tasks more easily and also allows me to more effectively manage my emotions and reactions to unanticipated incidents."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have been taking this for 10 years (started at 18 mg, went up to 36 mg). Recently (several months ago), I developed several horrible side-effects. For example: it made me feel nervous. I could not keep still. It also made me extra irritable (to the point I was yelling at my friends for the littlest things). I also felt depressed (to the point I did not want to get out of bed at all) and could not sleep. The doctor brought me down to 18 mg, symptoms did not improve. I immediately stopped taking this and felt 100% better the next day. The doctor put me on Adderall XR which works a lot better with very little side-effects. Please avoid Concerta if possible."
Review of Concerta: "Worked for me the first year I took it but then it started to have really bad side effects. I have ADD but I don't have hyperactivity and I was getting socially awkward and having anxiety and even depression. I don't recommend it for someone who's not hyperactive."
Review of Adderall XR: "Helps me 100 time over to stay focused at work and home. I also seem alot more alert at home"
Review of Guanfacine: "At 7 yrs old my son was diagnosed with ADHD. We tried a few medications like Concerta & Vyvanse. Both were terrible & either made him a zombie or completely took his appetite away. I discussed with his doctor my concerns about his lack of weight gain & she suggested Intuniv. We started at 1mg, increased to 2mg & finally settled on 3 mg. He's done wonderful with this dose for almost 2 & 1/2 years. Since last Christmas things have taken a downfall & so now we're looking at increasing to 4mg. It makes me nervous.  I just hope I'm making the right decision for him."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I found this medication very effective, I am able to stay on task without changing my mood, speak clearer without getting tongue tied and I do eat smaller portion than I usually do. I've only lost 5lbs the max within two year and the only side affect I have is occasional dry mouth. It's best to stay hydrated and eat a snack in between meals while on this medication to reduce the dry mouth it works for me."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My daughter's pediatrician told me to give her 1 pill before 9:00 a.m. daily.  I gave her the pill at 8:30 a.m. and all day she was amazing then suddenly out of no where at 10:30 p.m. she said she just couldn't fall asleep, her hands and feet wouldn't stop moving, her mouth was moving extremely weird, and she said she was jittery. My daughter finally fell asleep at 6:30 a.m. and didn't receive another dose again but had problems for 5 more nights with sleep."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have tried every AD(H)D pill known so far. I started in grade 4 and went off them in grade 7. I am weird as far as medicine goes and it never worked as intended, side effects for other pills were things such as no free will, not remembering anything that I did for 3 years, no control of self awareness or recollection of my actions, fainting or passing out without warning. I went off the pills in grade 7 due to mental and physical health issues and concerns. Decided to take the pills again because I need them to graduate, started on Vyvasne. It is 1000X times better than any other pill that I have tried over the years. Biggest problems is lack of appetite (went 26 hours without eating without realizing it) started on 80MG by mistake."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Helps me sustain attention and have consistent energy levels (especially when combined with Adderall XR). I'm motivated, not elated, high or hyper on a dose of 10mg. Con: Short-lasting."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Since I've been on strattera I've felt tired & listless -- I can't even work up enough energy for essentials like laundry & dishes. I've been on it for 5 months. My worst side effects are nausea, fatigue, irritability, and strange dreams. It feels like I start dreaming before I even fall asleep and it's driving me crazy. In typical ADHD fashion I forgot my meds at work over the weekend & had to go without -- I woke up at 4am to the worst headache I've ever had. I have an appointment on Wednesday & will be doing my damnedest to get my doc to switch me to a different med. I think it did a little for my ADHD but I also upped my coffee intake while I was on this med."
Review of Adderall XR: "I take the extended release once a day. I recently got a dose increase for my extreme fatigue. It has been about 3 weeks and I do not like the symptoms that occur with it. I feel like a zombie, I don't enjoy talking when I am on my medicine, I get extremely bad frequent headaches, I am even more tired when it wears off but I am unable to sleep, I get really irritable and moody. With the lower dose the main problematic symptom I would have was the dry mouth, but that was manageable."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have not tried any medication beside this, and I could not feel anything from 30mg or 50mg, and I do not have any hope for 70mg either right now."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have mainly taken 36 mg doses of Concerta from middle school through 25 years old. I start the morning with 10 mg Ritalin then take Concerta 3-3.5 hrs later. Due to its appetite suppression, I come home weak from hunger after 9 hrs of work, but my mental focus keeps me going and I get irritable if something gets in my way. If I give in to my weakness, I will slump on the couch and think about all the things I need to do. I never fully rest mentally, though it alleviates some of the hyperactivity. I have severe ADHD that affects my friendships, marriage, and helpfulness. My aunt switched to Adderall from this because it helps you initiate tasks, which Concerta doesn't. I will try Vyvanse, which is extended release Adderall."
Review of Concerta: "I was diagnosed with ADD 2 weeks ago, along with depression/anxiety at the age of 33.  My doctor wanted to treat the ADD first thinking the other issue would clear up so he started me on 18mg of Concerta.  The first week I would take one pill, and then this week increase it to 2 pills.  I haven't been on this medication like others have and I am experiencing so many side effects...i.e. nervousness, no appetite, headaches in the morning, cant sleep, paranoid for no reason.  I feel like its doing the opposite of what it should.  The first day I actually was able to just focus on one task and was able to get the laundry done.  I will be talking to my doctor about other medications."
Review of Dexedrine: "Got this for ADD and my chronic fatigue. It changed me. Grades in school went from 60s-80s, I could actually focus long enough to plan my life and pay attention. Only problem I had was the tolerance, although my dosage was raised and now I can take it regularly without feeling it, it made it really hard to sleep if I took it to late, and if the dosage is too high, or you are just starting, you get a really unpleasant buzz. Even though that buzz makes you super motivated and lets you get stuff done, it makes it really hard to relax and makes you more prone to panic attacks."
Review of Strattera: "I have never been diagnosed with add or adhd but was having trouble concentrating. I approached my doctor and he prescribed this drug. It worked perfectly. I no longer have problems paying attention and am doing extremely well in school. My inattention did not return after I stopped this medication."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My fifteen year old son has had behavioral problems since he was a toddler, he was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of five through very specific testing by a psychologist who specialized in ADHD. I was not going to put my son on medication because his teachers thought he was "hyper", there is a difference. He has been on every ADHD medication on earth with different side effects. None of them were as effective as finding Focalin XR. If a medication is not working or causing negative side effects on your child, do not give up! Sometimes you need to try a different combination of medications. My son did not start doing emotionally better and stabilized on his medication until he was twelve. I would not give up. Help is out there!"
Review of Adderall: "Adderall makes me always want to smoke cigarettes to relax and not shake so much. I have a love hate for it I love it but I hate that I have to depend on it everyday to do my daily tasks."
Review of Guanfacine: "My 5 year old son started off on the generic version for 2 weeks before switching to the intuniv. He did OK on the generic tenex (not an extended release), it just made him drowsy. The 1St day on the intuniv (extended release) however, he was busy, could not sit still for nothing & sleep was not on his mind. 2nd day, his Dr. told me to up the dose to 2mg(b/c he had been taking 1mg of the generic 2 weeks prior). My son was worse! He was worse than he was before he started any of the meds. Dr. took him off & put him back on the generic, 1mg, no problems so far besides the drowsiness. Generic, $60 some bucks,  intuniv $300. Surprised the cheapest works better!"
Review of Strattera: "Started off on Webutrin (Bupoprion) because Strattera was non-formulary and required approval that didn't meet my schedule.  Switched, and noticed a dip in mood, but figured that it was some sort of withdrawal from being off Welbutrin. Started at 20mg P.O. for 10 days with no effect, increased dosage to 40mg as scheduled.  Strange dreams, not quite nightmares.  unusual temperature regulation, cold chest, sweating legs.  Started to experience severe difficulty in just getting out of bed, started to have significant irritability and being outright enraged over some things.  Started to experience signs of depression.  Girlfriend noticed and said that she was actually worried about me.   Called doc, was advised to stop. 36 hrs back to normal."
Review of Intuniv: "Our son is 15 now. He was never really hyper, but very easily distracted. Drs. diagnosed him with ADD. We never had him on any meds since his only problems were his lack of attention. But it was hard on us as we had to sit with him constantly to get his homework done and basically had to reteach everything he had "learned" in school. We took him out of the pulic schoool and put him into a private school for kids with learning disabilites. We still had to reteach and sit with him. We put him on INTUNIV as it is clearly non stimulant. What a differnce! He can do his work on his own, his grades are good and the side effects have been non-existent. I read that at his dose, 2mg, side effects are almost zero."
Review of Vyvanse: "I was on this med for a little over a week. Right off it made me feel great everything was good. And I really liked it and I was happy I found something that worked. But after a week it started to make me really really  hungry I could not get rid of the hunger. So I had to stop taking it. I have a hard time to find a med. that works. I had the genetic tests done and there is a lot of meds I can't take. So it is hard to find one that works. I have ADHD and there is not much meds I can take. Vyvanse was a  question but it worked well just made me hungry. I wished it did not make me hungry. Now I hope my Doctor puts me on another ADHD med."
Review of Concerta: "So far so good. Love the extended delivery system. I am taking 54, does not last as long as they claim.  I am 46 just started with meds about 6 months ago. No bad side effects!"
Review of Adderall: "When I was in grade school I had a real hard time learning. I could not pay attention in class. My mind was always wandering. I was always daydreaming and looking out the windows, I could not retain any information. I was forgetful and bored. My grades were always C's and D's no matter how hard I tried. I was always fidgety, had a hard time sitting still, always twirling my hair or shaking my legs or feet. I hated school, I felt so dumb. As I got into high school I was so far behind I gave up trying. When I started driving I would go through red lights, stop signs etc. I was just daydreaming all the time. I kept losing my car keys, my glasses, forgetting where I put them. I am out of space, but Adderal saved my life! I am 59. No side effects"
Review of Adderall XR: "Adderall XR has changed my LIFE! For years, I have struggled with depression and anixety, no motivation, mood swings and couldn't focus on any task. I was diagnosed with ADD/Bi-polar when I was 19-20ish (26now and mom of 1). I have struggled through so many years not knowing after several doctors and tons of medicines or medication combinations I was put on Vyvanse from 30-50mg over a period of 2 years. It worked well for me. In the beginning I had dry mouth, palpitations. My coverage stopped paying for it. Doctor tried me on Strattera and Concerta (not together). After several months I was just still always sick, with stomach cramps, headaches, etc. About 3 years now I've been on Adderall XR 30mg and I still have dry mouth and loss of appetite. Other than that, it has helped me to be a "normal" person and loving, motivated mother."
Review of Amphetamine: "Simply the best. The only side effect of this med is increased concentration and dry mouth :). It doesn't make me feel like my heart is racing or that my blood pressure is up. I'm really happy with this med. I had a hard time sticky with Concerta and other off brands, and I didn't like any of the adderall products. Since starting this, I haven't missed a single dose."
Review of Adderall: "I recently began taking Adderall 15mg.  In terms of mood, I have become less anxious on Adderall.   Some people note increased aggression- I feel that I am capable of being more (verbally) aggressive because there is less anxiety to dampen the desire for confrontation.  However, I feel more capable of choosing whether or not to pursue confrontation. The other day at the bank, I calmly voiced my discontent over erroneous charges the bank made to my account (for the 3rd time!).  When the employee became a bit agitated, I decided to end the conversation rather than escalate the argument.  I was satisfied with my performance- I said my piece, got the closet thing to an apology I was going to get, and got out.   Adderall seems to make this easier- I don't feel as rev'd up as I would otherwise.  Our stress reactions to everyday situations like these are often way out of proportion to the stakes and Adderall seems to dampen down the reaction to something more appropriate.  It's a brave new world!"
Review of Strattera: "I have been in treatment for ADD for 15 years. As a result I have tried and used several of the standard drugs used for treatment including Adderall, Ritalin, Dexadrine, and Wellbutrin.  About 3 years ago I began using Strattera. I was made aware that the medicine did not affect the dopamine levels but should still help prolong my attention time. Since then I have found this to be true. However, the difficulty is since the impact it is seemingly subtle. It's very difficult to gauge the effectiveness and to determine the proper dosage.  After 2 years, my doctor and I are still tweeking this aspect.  Overall, Strattera has worked to allow me to still have something for my family left after a long day work."
Review of Methylphenidate: "COULD NOT STOP EATING! After taking Ritalin for about 1 month, I noticed a strong desire to snack. Just munch on anything; crackers, peanut butter, carrots. Whatever was around. It was like the constant munchies. Then the snacking turned into constant eating after another month. A constant desire to eat in order to feel good. It was as if I didn't feel well, and only eating would take the edge off. So about 2 months and 10 pounds later, I switched to Adderall. Why this made me eat like mad I'll never know..."
Review of Desoxyn: "If you have to take a stimulant and you get anxiety, this is the medication to take. It is very smooth and doesn't cause anxiety. There isn't a high and low and you don't really feel this wear off (no ups and downs) the way that Adderall and other medicines cause a low in the evening. This is not any more addicting than any other drug so don't believe that. People that require these types of medication typically don't get addicted to them.  People and doctors tend to give medications that can help people."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My 7 year old son started taking focalin xr 5 in December after I had him tested for what I was sure going to be asperges. Turns out he was suffering from ADHD...he is currently on 15 mg xr and I can honestly say for him it is a miracle drug. He went from not being able to read and barely writing his name to reading whole books...he also went from making 20's and 30's on spelling test to averaging 90, we even had 2 100's. He has lost some weight but right now is still average so it is not much of a concern."
Review of Clonidine: "We have child with Periventricular leukomalacia (PVL), he is not 6.5 years old and since 1 year suffered very bad sleeping quality. Waking up suddenly in the night, 2AM-3AM and cannot rest properly until 5AM or 6AM. Very nervous during the day, not having good attendance at special needs school. Melatonine, from 2 to 3 mg 1 hr before sleeping, was helpful to falling asleep quickly, but not effective to avoid night wake up or iperactivity. Since 3 weeks we started clonidine 0.1 mg, 1 tab night time before sleep, and it works very well. Since day 1 he is calm and rests well. Few nights he woke up but not nervous or crying/shouting, just calm for a couple of minutes and back to sleep. Also at school and during the day he's more quiet and calm."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have been taking Aptensio now for 3 months. I have been diagnosed with ADHD now for about 2 1/2 years. I have taken just about every non stimulant and stimulant on the market.  I am currently taking 50mg of the Aptensio  once a day. I am finding myself still scattered brained and my memory is horrible. I think the pill is lasting about 6 hrs and then I have a hard come down making me a total witch! The one thing that I have noticed is that I have put 12 lbs. on in 3 months. I am constantly eating! I had my thyroid checked and it came back normal.  I have spoke with other people that say they are gaining weight on the pill as well."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son is 6 and has been on this medication for a week and has shown improvement at school. He has been able to work independently on his work sheets and gets through his work faster. He is very smart but didn't have the focus to complete a task but I have noticed he has loss of appetite and not going to sleep at night which is bothersome to me because he was always such a good eater and sleeper. So might have to look into other medicines."
Review of Adderall: "I take only 5mg a day but it works for my mild ADD.  This gives me great concentration and I can get things done.  Without this, I can't even read an article in a newspaper.  This is my life saver.  The only catch is I get tense TMJ from this.  But I lived with it as the benefit outweigh the side effect."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 18 but I have been taking vyvanse since I was 16 years old at 70mg and still taking the same dose. It is 100% better than concerta XL it has changed my life The appetite is not the worst thing I just get really dehydrated and not notice it I can eat after taking it ( 4h after taking it) Keep in mind I have been on stimulant like meds for years now I have grown to fight the appetite effects"
Review of Adderall: "After 37 years of knowing something wasn't right with my brain, I was diagnosed with ADHD, Inattentive Type in grad school and was prescribed Adderall. Where do I start??? This medication literally changed my life. Imagine being a "gifted" kid who eventually could barely pass middle school math - that's me. After a lifetime of compensating for my "slow processing," hiding my disorganization, and pretending to be on the same page with everyone else, this explains everything. Adderall has made a NIGHT AND DAY difference in my motivation level, what I understand and follow, and even my mood/emotional reactivity. In a word, amazing. If I ever meet the people who "discovered" Adderall, I'm kissing them - my husband agrees."
Review of Concerta: "My son has ADHD (combined) and ODD. Unfortunately, the medication only help with his hyperactivity not his attention, plus he was still defiant."
Review of Intuniv: "Intuniv has made a huge change in my sons attitude.  After being on Strattera for 1.5 years, it stopped working.  It may have been due to a growth spurt, but the sudden change was awful. Intuniv has made a tremendous change and is working.  Intuniv is time released and 1 mg/day does the trick.  I am having to play the insurance game to get it approved and currently have a discount card that sells it for $63.   It works great for my son and is worth every dollar it cost."
Review of Bupropion: "Helps me wake faster in the morning. Thinking clearer. Helped me get over sexual dysfunction (SSRI induced years ago. Stopped SSRIs, but residual emotional scarring remained). Was on Lamictal and Depakote. Exchanged the Depakote for Wellbutrin XL and my girlfriend commented I went from boy to man in less than a month. Superb concentration and continuous connected thought."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 16 and I've taken Vyvanse for months now and it helps a lot with minimal side effects. My mouth does get dry and I become less social but other than that its preferable to Ritalin, as Ritalin is much less smooth in terms of kicking in and wearing off and lasts a lot shorter."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Well I have been on Adderall for about 5 months 20mg daily. I wish I would have taken it sooner though. I am a single mom of twin 5 year olds and I noticed that I needed this birth control. I couldn't even get out of bed, focus, complete and daily normal function, daydream, etc. I finally realized it was needed after my mother had her heart attack and I could not focus not even at work. I went to my doctors and he put me on this and I feel great 95% of the time. Weight loss great! I recommend this to anyone that needs something to really save them from spiraling down and not being able to be "Normal" Great!"
Review of Methamphetamine: "The cadilac of ADD medications! Little to no side effects. Only one that truly helped me."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was diagnosed 8 yrs ago with ADD, at 45 I wish I'd had  this info and medication. My life has changed for the better. I do  notice a major difference in the pink 30 mg   verses the orange. The pink ones make me feel like I'm a zombie. They also make me sad and I get red blotches over my body."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have been taking Strattera 60MG for 6 months and am a Male that weighs 185LBS and is 6 ft 2 in. The ATX(Strattera) was not enough to help my severe unmotivation. I recently added on Concerta (alza 18mg generic) to my medications and it has helped dramatically. Like a pair of eyeglasses, I can now "see" my life in a better light. It will not get your work done for you nor will it solve all of your issues that you may have, but it will make life a LOT easier to live. Instead of always worrying and being behind, I can get what is real important done and get to what is important another day. My mood has not been bad, my driving is less road rageish. I'm a LOT less stressed out and anxious. I'm blessed to get help at age 22. I am doing well"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "My experience with adderall, for one it makes me poop like crazy, I'm super thirsty (dry mouth) and it KILLS my appetite. I don't eat for hours and I didn't have a desire to. But while I was at work I was on top of everything, as far proofreading, catching errors, it does make you focus and more alert. I was multi tasking and the fact that i didn't feel overwhelmed, was a plus."
Review of Guanfacine: "We started our son on Tenex (Guanfacine, not extended release like intuniv) when he was 5. We started half (.5) in the evening because it did make him sleepy. The first year we stepped up to the 1/2 in the morning, then adding 1/2 in the afternoon. Then we graduated to 1mg in the am, but needed something in the afternoon. By the time he was almost 7 the Dr said we could move to full  in am & full in the pm, but I could step him into it by full in the am and 1/2 in evening. He's been on this dosage for almost 2 years now. 1 DR prescribed Intuniv after years of the tenex & he was very irritable & everything was a crisis or breakdown. I called immediately and asked for the not extended release. he was a completely different child on intuniv."
Review of Methylphenidate: "As an adult with ADHD Concerta is the way to go. Focused and able to complete tasks. Although the lack of appetite and sleep come into play the time released 18mg work better for me then the 27mg...With 27 mgs I was tired and moody."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son took 18mgs for 2 days and it was like there were five children wrapped up in him at one time.  He was nasty, negative, unhappy, and would not stop moving for 3 days after his second dose. We and the doctors were shocked at this reaction."
Review of Adderall: "I can finally really concentrate and feel in control."
Review of Bupropion: "I like this medicine very much . It's a smoother form of adderal but not as habit forming . I can eat and sleep . I can concentrate better and enjoy life . It really helps me with my depression ."
Review of Methamphetamine: "10/10 miracle for my ADD, fog/fatigue, OCD. Can now take things 1 at a time. No more racing thoughts! Minimal side effects. Thank you for helping!!!"
Review of Adderall: "Adderall has really helped me stay focused in school. Just be careful with your doses."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Diagnosed with ADHD at age 8, I have tried Strattera, Concerta, Adderall, & Ritalin (all had a zombie effect to no effect). It wasn't until mid 8th grade that I was prescribed Vyvanse. A miracle as far as my school performance, grades went from C's & D's to straight A's. Not only did I actually WANT to take it, Vyvanse compelled me to ace my schoolwork, resulting in consistent grades of 95  (the only downside being that it induced OCD behavior.) However, while I started at 40mg, I steadily increased to 70mg (max dose) by the end of 10th grade. I have since graduated high school, but due to the tolerance I built up to the medicine it no longer affects me nearly as well as it did before. Though I still recommend it to anyone with ADHD."
Review of Strattera: "This worked great for my ADHD symptoms. My family noticed an immediate improvement. I did get a little bit of weight loss, but that was good for me (38 years old). My biggest problem was that it caused erectile dysfunction and a strange lack of sensation in my prostate area, even at low dosage (18 mg/day). It was sufficient to stop use.  I am on Adderall XR now which doesn't do nearly as well.  My doctor is going to try me on some antidepressants as they also influence the norepinephrine levels.  If you don't get the erectile dysfunction then this is a great medication."
Review of Adderall: "Side effects: Dry mouth, anxiety (if used when tired), euphoria, hyperfocus (when dose too high)Adderall allows me to concentrate and study for a reasonable amount of time while also offering flexibility on when I use it; both XR and short-release are quick in-and-out drugs, unlike SSRIs. My performance improved dramatically with use of Adderall, but there were definitely a few cons.Hyperfocus is a huge problem that alluded me for a few months. Because Adderall affects the brain, it distorts the user's reality. I felt that I was getting a lot done, and it wasn't until my colleagues at work told me that I was garbage at multitasking that I realized my dose was too high. Beware of this. Focus =/= productivity"
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 11 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD since kindergarten.  That is usually when parents can start to confirm their suspicions of their child's behavior with the observation of an outside party such as a teacher.  We started with the usual, very mild Strattera...to no avail.  We didn't really know what we were looking for.  We were so very sad and scared that he would become a 'zombie' as most people describe it.  Nothing worked from Strattera, Concerta (gave him tics), Clonidine (high blood pressure medicine that supposedly works for ADHD), etc. DAYTRANA 40mg has been the miracle drug for our little boy.  He has been on it for about 1 1/2 years now.  He can sit and do homework, crossword puzzles, and word finds! Absolutely love it, no more mean Morgan!"
Review of Vyvanse: "Ok, to begin with: Vyvanse has dramatically improved my life. I am a 20 year old college student and I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 19. I have always been a bright student, cheerful person and an overall hard worker but Vyvanse has "improved" me. I feel that it allows me to monitor and control my thoughts and actions in a way I never seemed to be able to before. Effects I experience from Vyvanse: Improved concentration, ability to focus clearly on a subject or task at hand, ability to switch focus and not "obsess", improvements in grades, & ability to plan/schedule/prioritize activities. In the end I feel like Vyvanse has made the dream me reality, I can finally accomplish my goals."
Review of Adderall: "It helped me control every aspect of my ADD. The only drawback is the short life of the medicine in your system before the half life begins."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 12 yr old son has been on Concerta ER for 9 months after switching from Metadate. He responds quite well to it and his grades are fantastic. He is much less mouthy on it... and rarely gets into trouble at school.  So far.. so good."
Review of Ritalin: "I'm currently going through nursing school at a university near me and from the start of this past semester I had a real tough time staying focused and doing my homework. Went to see a nurse APR N and she gave me a script for Ritalin, 10mg 2x a day. This medicine has been a God send for me, I always complete my assignments on time and have been getting A's and B's on all my test. It lets me sit down and study for 6 hours at a time but if I hadn't taken the Ritalin I wouldn't have half the work done that needed to be done. Plus I've not had a single issue with it such as withdrawals or anxiety."
Review of Vyvanse: "Wow what a difference maker.  I am a young Male (30ish) and have found that Vyvanse has been such a life changer. I am gettiing so much more done at work. When I go home at night I find myself enjoying my time with my children more. I am not getting the crash effect I was experiencing with other medicines. That reason alone is so worth it. I have not had any side effects, well maybe minor dry mouth, but it last me 12-13 hours.  It is truly an awesome medication. I would recommend it."
Review of Wellbutrin XL: "Does help some. Not like stimulants but will keep you awake and have the energy."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was medication free for over 10 years. After I had my daughter the mental static as I call it got progressively worse. I couldn't finish tasks, or concentrate, I forgot to set my alarm clock, burned food, fell massively behind at work, and the last straw was when I forgot to give my daughter a dose of antibiotic for a sinus infection. I've been on Adderall 30 mg for around a year now, and the difference is amazing. Much better than the Ritalin I took as a child. I feel like I assume people without AD(H)D feel. I no longer have static and random thoughts pulling me off task."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 21 years old  5'7 and 115 lbs. and I am currently taking 20mg in the morning.I've only been taking the medicine for about two weeks but I've noticed a lot of changes. Positives: I'm getting my work done, staying motivated, I'm focused on the road when I'm driving now and I don't forget little details like I was before.Negatives: zero appetite- I have to force myself to eat, minor nausea, easily aggravated. It also altered my menstrual cycle. I am still yet to start my period but I've never been irregular- starting on the exact same days of each month since always. My mood has COMPLETELY changed in the 2 weeks. I'm severely depressed now and mildly suicidal. Can't tell if these side effects are worth it"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall was a great drug for my ADD. It didn't make me lose my appetite at all, it didn't make me moody, it didn't give me any crashes, it helped me focus really well.  But it did give me bad acne which is why I ended up stopping it and now I am looking for another drug to replace it.  This annoyed me because it was the perfect medication for me but I will take a drug that doesn't work as good for a clear face any day."
Review of Concerta: "I'm 56 years old, and I was diagnosed with moderate to severe ADD when I was in my 30s.  I took Ritalin, then I weaned myself off of it 15 years ago because I seemed to function okay with my engineering job.  Then, in June of 2009, corporate shut down the location where I worked and laid off nearly everyone, including me.  There were no jobs available, so I decided to go back to school and get a second degree.  This is where I discovered that I had nowhere near the focus that I needed to pull of 14 credits per semester.My doctor prescribed Concerta, which really helped a lot, as long as it was before 1:00 PM.  He recently upped the dosage to 54 mg. Now, I can even handle the late-night homework sessions.  It's been a lifesaver for me."
Review of Intuniv: "My 7 year old son has been on Intuniv for 5 weeks.  He was on Vyvanse but he was getting so crabby and angry all the time we decided to stop having him use it.  He also had to be pressured to eat anything.  He is now in the first week of 3 mg of Intuniv.  He is eating so much I have to stop him!  However, he is very tired and sleeps in very late.  His moodiness is gone but he is still a bit more hyperactive than we would prefer but if he stays this way we will stay only on the Intuniv.  We love having our son's personality back, and his appetite."
Review of Vyvanse: "I was diagnosed with ADHD in the middle of my 9th grade year. My parents noticed I have failed more classes than passed the past years. It turns out I have ADHD, I was started off on 50mg which automatically kept me calm, quiet and eager to pay attention and learn. I passed all my classes my 9th grade year. Currently, I'm almost complete with 10th grade. I am passing everything and doing an excellent job keeping up with school, homework and my job. I've gone from 50mg to 70mg. I didn't think I could feel the need to take this so much. When I don't take it, I can't hold my eyes open. I binge eat in bed, half asleep. But this does keep your mind off hunger, I went from 190lbs to 125lbs in a year."
Review of Adderall XR: "I started out taking the regular Adderall version, but it didn't last long and made me have horrible crash periods and steroid like rages. So far, the Adderall XR seems to be working better, but it does reduce my appetite substantially. I've had to start taking weight gain supplements to ensure that I maintain my proper weight. If I miss a dose, I feel pretty lethargic and extremely sleepy. However, the medication has allowed me to read and focus better than I ever have, and I seem more motivated. I'm also able to talk better with others, and my social skills have definitely improved."
Review of Adderall: "I have benefited a lot with this medication. Only problem I have is taking it too late in the day and having insomnia side effects. Like right now its 3:30 am on a school night and I cant sleep! Do not take Adderall after a certain hour."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "A lot of people seem to get on great. 3-4 hours of intended effects is all I get, during that time I feel more motivated, social and can process information better. After that time I am even worse than I was before starting the meds! Depressed, irritated, withdrawn, empty, angry, really bad.It's like the the 12 hours it's supposed it last, more than half of it is just a really long come down. I will be asking for instant release Dextroamphetamine next time, I assume and hope that they will be just like the initial period of this med which is perfect and helps with all my adhd symptoms."
Review of Methylphenidate: "This medication is truly life changing. After 30 minutes of taking the medication, I become a different person. My laziness goes away and I feel so focussed to do tasks.  I've seen a friend at school go from almost a washout, to a hardworking student and everyone started feeling different about him. Best medication in the world!"
Review of Concerta: "I like this medicine since it last 12-14 hours. It helps depression as well and it helps me in college. Without it I wouldn't be doing as well. It helps me stay on task and focus so I can get my work done. There isn't much side effects to this stimulant, maybe insomnia and a suppressed appetite but thats all. I reccommend this medicine for people with ADD, ADHD, and Depression. It really improves the quality of your life. There isn't anything bad about this medicine. I hope it works for anyone who needs it."
Review of Adderall XR: "Helps calm me down a lot."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am 15 and have been on Concerta since 6th grade I have never really felt any side effects besides loss of appetite in the afternoon. But just last year I started getting muscle spasms and I began to zone out often at school. Even more recently I have began to have trouble with sleep and slight depression. I have tried getting the concerta switched for something else but its the only medicine that helps me focus in school and help me get good grades. I mean don't get me wrong it helps a lot but I'm not sure why I'm just getting these side effects"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 7 year old son has been on Vyvanse for a little over a month.  We have been well pleased with the overall outcome.  He is now able to focus in school and actually sits down and completes his homework without argument. Much calmer in public, unlike before.  Downside, he has lost 4 pounds in a month and becomes very emotional if taken off for the weekend and put back on.  After 1 1/2 months, my son now has developed eye tics.  We have stopped the medication and the eye tics are beginning to subside."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 8 year old son has been on this mediation for 1 year and a half. He started at 20mg now he is taking 40mg. I have noticed that it does not seem to work and after trying for 9 months to get him off and on something else I am going to take him to a different doctor. Given the fact that after 9 months it is still not working another doctor would try something different but his Doctor just keeps upping the dosage. I have also noticed side effects that disturb. It worries me because my son is usually happy go lucky all the time and with this medicine he is VERY EASILY upset, not himself at all. SO PLEASE BE AWARE OF EVERYTHING YOUR CHILD DOES OR ACTS WHILE TAKING THIS MEDICATION."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was once a procrastinating, underemployed, muscular 18 year old who was unsure of his future. My ADHD made it impossible to focus, my motivation was terrible, and I snapped on anyone over the smallest thing. I knew about Ritalin...also knew its excess side effects. Heard about Adderall and decided maybe I should speak with my PCF. He prescribed me Adderal, a pill that can either make or break you. If you have had ANY history of drug abuse AVOID IT. It took me a month to realize I was abusing it. I lost sleep, weight, gained a tolerance. When I decided I'd better let my wife handle my medication, she gave me my  two IRs per day and still does. It helped alot. The medication is wonderful for ADHD but can very easily kill you if you abuse it"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I started Vyvanse about 5 months ago.  My doctor first had me on Focalin which helped, but didn't seem to get me all the way there.  Since I have generalized anxiety disorder he started with Focalin.  He said Focalin was a gentler medication.  After about 2 weeks he started Vyvanse at 20mg. I really started to like the medication: more focus, motivation.  I have worked my way up to 50mg.  After a couple of weeks on each dose, the medication doesn't last the whole 12 hours.  I do really like the medication.  I just hope that I don't have to keep going up with the dosage."
Review of Strattera: "I started taking strattera at 25mg. The first week was crazy I felt like I could do anything. I had so much time on my hands and accomplished so much. I no longer had to fight with myself to wake up. I had so much energy and "the foggy" feeling was gone. I could focus and what I had to do do it and then move on to the next. It was wonderful. The only side effect I had was insomnia but that went a way after the first week and it was easily resolved with some meditation. After that I started to settle in because I was getting used to it the feelings were dying down. I missed the sense of euphoria the first week had brought but I was still plenty productive and over all my social relationships ad improved. After 3 months I am starting 40mg."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "Let me explain what can go wrong here and what you may want to speak with your Dr about. Focalin XRs effect is much , much, much stronger than Concerta or Ritalin. This is very important to understand, so if you are thinking of switching to Focalin XR from another medication do not go to a similar strength. I was on Concerta 54mg and went to  Focalin XR 40mg. This was a scary experience I got dizzy almost passed out and couldn't tell you what 1 1 was. It was horrible  to say the least. I discontinued the Focalin and tried Adderal. That made me grumpy and sick. I did research and found out about Focalins potency. I am now on Focalin XR 15mg and doing awesome."
Review of Adderall XR: "I love it because it helps me focus and it also helps with my anger problems but best of all it helps with my appetite."
Review of Adderall: "Adderall really helps me focus and stay on task. I used to start projects before I took Adderall and I always got side tracked and not be able to finish what I've started. Now that I take Adderall I complete tasks and I'm able to stay focused throughout the whole project. Also I complete what I've started! Thank you Adderall, you really helped me out!"
Review of Ritalin: "I've been taking Ritalin for about 4 months now and it has helped me immensely. I'm a college student and suffer from ADD, Major Depressive Disorder and OCD. I was put on this during a hospitalization because in the past I was on Concerta and it worked wonders. So being on this medication I have been able to concentrate better on my schooling and other tasks. The downfall with this med is that it lasts for about 5 hours before it wears off. The other downfall is that I am recovering from an eating disorder and the loss of appetite makes it hard to want to eat."
Review of Ritalin: "I'm in my mid 30's & was diagnosed with ADHD approx 4 months ago. I started on 10 mg 2x a day & am currently on 20 mg 3 x a day. I tried Daytrana, the Ritalin patch, but it made me aggressive & hungry! In less than a month I had gained 20 lbs. I'm back on the pill & so far I love it! I wish I had this back in school! Unfortunately my mom wasn't a believer in ADHD. I am calmer, can think rationally vs going straight off emotions, the racing thoughts have ceased & I can complete tasks I start now. It's also given me more motivation in my life. Before Ritalin I was ready to give up on life & did nothing. I can now take care of responsibilities! My mood has even improved & my patience with my children & people in General has vastly improved."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son is 7 and was diagnosed a few months ago.  He started with the 27mg Concerta and that didn't seem to help at all.  Moved him to 36mg and he's doing a little better.  There are a few concerns though.  Around 5:30, 6;00 in the evening he will have emotional meltdowns.  Cries at the drop of a hat.  Also I pretty much have to bribe him to eat and he has lost so much weight.  I am thinking about trying to switch to something else but not sure what to switch him to."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son (ADHD) has been on Vyvanse for about 3 years now, and I love it. He is 10 years old now. He started out on Focalin which he took for about 3 months and never seen a change in him. So his doctor switched him to Vyvanse and the very first day I noticed a change in him. Calm and relaxed, but not a zombie like I heard a lot of ADHD medicines do. He always made A's & B's but since on Vyvanse he has made all A's, I believe it's due to he is able to sit still in his seat and concentrate more.  The only side effect I have seen in him is his appetite.  He does not have one and is on the skinny side.  But we found a way to get him to eat so hopefully he will gain amlittle.  Other than that this medicine its WONDERFUL."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "It helps with symptoms of ADD and ADHD, but I worry about the possible addictiveness of the medicine. I also worry about what pharmacy I fill the prescription because some of the generic versions have made me sick if I wait more than 20-30 minutes after eating to take the medication. I'm not sure if it is the fillers used in the different generics or the amount of the actual medicine in the product."
Review of Guanfacine: "This has to be taken at least 3 weeks to see if it works/get adjusted  to the Body.  This has been a Transformation for my Little brother Age 6 still in kindergarden he used to be very moody and seemed to get very hyper all the time. I would recommend this med to anyone suffering from ADHD and other behavioural issues. Side effects seem to be tolerable and gets less by time has had mild headaches and vivid dreams."
Review of Adderall: "Adderall is awesome for (ADHD), that is what I have and when I take my Adderall I am able to focus and relax, which is just the opposite effect it would have on someone who doesn't have ADHD. It would act as a stimulator for them and is very addictive."
Review of Adderall: "Adderall in my opinion is a "Miracle"! I am prescribed the (IR) 30mg strength, three times a day. Adderall I feel has significantly improved my quality of life."
Review of Dexedrine: "I have currently been taking Dexedrine spansules for 16 years. 90 mg a day. ADHD had ruined my life up until I was 36 years old. Now all the standard symptoms are under control and have been since I started the medication. I would personally check with a good doctor if you are suffering with this disorder."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Our 10 year old daughter has been taking Concerta for ADD for two months and the difference is unbelievable.  Her performance in school had been steadily declining from year to year without any explanation.  We knew she was capable of doing well so we found this very frustrating.  After asking the school for help she was evaluated and diagnosed with ADD (no hyperactivity).  She is on a 36mg dose after increasing it just one time.  After starting the medication we noticed a difference immediately, the first thing being her handwriting, it honestly looked like a different child%u2019s writing%u2026so neat I actually thought her older sister had written it.  We%u2019ve received glowing reports from her teachers and even from the principal and her grades have steadily increased to As & Bs in just a short time.  Homework is no longer an issue either%u2026we used to spend long frustrating evenings on homework and now 9 nights out of 10 her homework is completely finished by the time we get home from work.  Thank you Concerta%u2026you gave us the daughter we knew we had."
Review of Vyvanse: "It has been 4 months and I have to say it has made a hug difference for me!! I am focusing more, doing better at my current job.  I also feel a certain confidence in my interactions and with interviewing. The thought/words come to me quicker."
Review of Guanfacine: "She started at 1mg and we saw very little different and her behavior was out of control for the most part. She started on 2mg this morning and in the morning I saw a big difference playing with her toys calm like a regular kid instead of running and jumping. She seems a little drowsy though... Will that pass? I would hate for her to be drowsy all the time."
Review of Concerta: "I am on 27mg Concerta. Never felt better. I have better grades because of better concentration. No anxiety or suicidal thoughts. Guess I have too much to keep me alive, that I have never had those thoughts. Only side-effect seems to be slight insomnia, but I would prefer better grades over sleep."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My 16 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD at age 4. We went through several meds at first and Concerta worked the best for him. He took the drug for 10 years increasing dosage when needed. Things seemed to be fine or at least better on the med than off. This last year he became impossible to live with. Argumentative (more than normal), irritable at home, mouthy and his grades were tanking! I initially chalked it up to regular teenagerhood! Then I had an inkling that maybe he needed to switch meds. He started taking Strattera on Monday and 4 days later is a different kid. PLEASANT is the first word that comes to mind. WOW, no arguments! No mouthiness! He left just now I said, have fun, I love you! He replied Love you too! Wha??? HAPPY MOM!!!"
Review of Bupropion: "Wellbutrin worked great for me until my doc accidentally changed my dose without telling me and I had an overdose that almost killed me. It snuck up on me, I was fine until I suddenly was having a grand maul seizure and severe psychotic episodes. I'm now taking 150 mgs and out of no where had more symptoms tonight and thought I was going to have another seizure. I didn't and the feelings went away but in scared and quitting this drug after talking to my doc. I'm also making an appointment with a neurologist. I guess just please be careful. Don't mess with this medicine at all!!!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "Had ADHD symptoms growing up, due to cultural reasons and beliefs, family always dismissed it. In 2nd year law school at the moment, had to work 5x harder than others. Started living away from family and finally got ADHD diagnosis done. Was prescribed concerta. I was 154cm height and 47kg before concerta. Titration period - 18mg 1 week, 27mg 1w, 36mg 3w and 54mg 8w. 18-27mg at first was amazing. No side effects, brimming with motivation but, wore in 4h. 36mg, was ok but wasn't as great as the initial effect, wore off after 4h. 54mg, developed an uncontrollable cough, mood swings, dry mouth, anxiety. Lost 5kg weight. Now on Vyvanse. Cough took 2 + weeks since quitting concerta to stop. Advice - if side effects are bad & lasts 1w+ change meds!"
Review of Dexedrine: "My extended release pill, 30mg Vyvanse, only lasts for about 5 hours for me. My doctor prescribed a short acting pill, which was Dexedrine for doing my homework at night. Took 5mg and felt literally nothing after waiting an hour. Then took another 5mg (as my doctor said I might need). I did feel a lot less hyperactive, but almost to the point of sluggish. My concentration improved the tiniest bit, but not nearly as well compared to Vyvanse. This pill seems to work better at combating ADHD symptoms, but not really ADD symptoms. I would advise trying Vyvanse."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "At first I was a bit skeptical. This is my first time using any pill for ADHD. It took at least 2 hours to kick in, but when it did, I worked on 3 assignments non stop for 8 hours and my brain is still clicking. This really helped me!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was out on a couple of different types of medications for my ADD. When I came across Concerta, it is close to perfect to me. I don't get that feeling like I'm spaced out like Adderral."
Review of Bupropion: "I have always had this feeling of being scattered, very much able to project manage, etc. but it took considerable amounts of "mental energy" as compared to others and every thought had an emotional connection to it. Well, I started Wellbutrin 300 mg instant release (best in my opinion) 4 per day. From the very first day, I felt this "swooooosh" slow down within my mind and could smell better, colors were amazingly bright and I was laughing and smiling again. I was not depressed previous to taking Wellbutrin as I knew I had dopamine (reward/pleasure center) issues. Take BRAND only - it is AMAZING - I feel like a child again! WOW!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Most awesome medicine I've ever been prescribed. I can focus, I am not irritable. I feel like I have a life now. Thank you Vyvanse."
Review of Methylin ER: "My son takes this. Best medication he has been on that works. Just hard to get as it's always on back order."
Review of Bupropion: "I'd been seeing a psychiatrist that had me on Adderall for about 2 years. My ability to take care of myself had increased greatly, but I still didn't have a job. My vocational rehab program sent me to a new doctor who decided to take me off the Adderall and prescribe this instead, despite the fact I had made improvements on the former. Been almost 4 weeks. Maybe because I'm already use to taking something different it just doesn't feel effective. It feels like a very neutered version of adderall, and I often find myself sleepy and tired. I can focus on things, but only a little bit. I can remember things, sometimes, usually right around when I take a dose but my long term memory is shot.  I feel anxious and stiff too."
Review of Intuniv: "I am a 33 year old female. I was Ddiagnosed with ADD when I was 10 years old. I have been on all the older ADD medicines. Ritalin, Vyvanse and Focalin. This is my third week on Intuniv. I started on the 3mg dose last night. I can hardly get up in the morning. I am so tired at work. When I get home, all I want to do is sleep. I am also so cranky. I am also noticing that I am having the famous "ADD stare" often. I haven't had that in years. I started this medicine because the Concerta 72 mg I take every morning at 7am is wearing off at 1pm."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am prescribed Adderall XRs. I am only on 30 mg once a day and my Dr won't increase it. The medication definitely makes me motivated, have energy, and feel a nice since of well-being. I am concerned with a few side effects I get almost every time. I get numb on the left side of my neck and in my shoulder. I also get really cold feet and my toes look purple with very slow capillary refill. I also already had a sleep problem before all this, so my nights are always pretty restless."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "works"
Review of Bupropion: "I'm a 23 year old college student who didn't get diagnosed with ADHD until last year. I was on 150 mg of Wellbutrin XL then bumped up to 300 mg. The only way I can describe how this medicine makes me feel is even keeled. I love it. I'm not nearly as emotional, overwhelmed or distracted and my grades show it. The only complaints about this medicine is it makes me sweat and pee alot. Sometimes it makes me feel a little anxious but not all the time. Overall I'm very satisfied."
Review of Vyvanse: "I've tried others ADHD meds. I always come back to this one. It works the best. Downside, it's so expensive."
Review of Intuniv: "My 9 years  old is now taking Intuniv for three weeks. At the begining he was very sleepy and tired. So I decided to give him the pill at bedtime, he's been much better. This medication was a miracle for my son, his mood is better, he is happier, less emotional, and finishing his school task. Before he was on Concerta for 6 months it made his personality change. He started to bite his clothes and picking on his nose. It was bad. He could focus but the side effects worthless. I also try Strattera with similar side effects. My son it doing great on Intuniv. I hope it will continue to work for him."
Review of Dexedrine: "Well this medication has worked VERY well for my ADHD! It helps me concentrate and makes my mood overall more lifted! I Notice energy and a desire to do work and complete tasks instead of being a lazy couch potato like before. Side effects: Anxiety, Depersonlization and Derealization on this medication sometimes makes you feel like a robot! And heart rate goes up also! But it worked much better than Adderall. Adderall gave me bad anxiety and higher heart rate! Much stronger and more positive mood from Dexedrine. "
Review of Amphetamine: "This medicine was horrible for me. I started off at a low dose. It gave me horrible anxiety, mood swings and horrifying negative thoughts. I would never take this medicine again."
Review of Clonidine: "My son was 2 when prescribed Clonidine for his extreme insomnia and ADHD. I was terrified at first. His behavior was so scary and so was the thought of giving my 2 and now 3 year old a blood pressure medication. My son has turned three and is still on the medicine about .2 per day. I have for the first time been able to enjoy my son, sit with him, hold him, laugh with him. He has advanced in speech so much his speech therapy has stopped. He was finally able to relax for a moment to hear us. In turn, we are now able to hear him, experience his emotions and explore his thoughts. I have my child back."
Review of Adderall: "Good with increased mental focus and less distractions by activities that were going on aroundme. I have nothing negative to say about the Adderall. It has improved my ability to control my attention and give me greater intensity in thinking and reasoning."
Review of Atomoxetine: "It made me want to sleep all day and made me extremely nauseated. After a month of taking 40mg it didn't touch my ADHD and after a month of 60mg still nothing happened except the side effects. "
Review of Ritalin: "My son has been taking Ritalin for around 6-8 months and the difference in him is just unbelievable, he's school work has improved, he's spelling and comprehension has gotten a lot better and he has excelled in maths and can actually remembers what he has learnt. He socially gets along better with other children and is less destructive when in a group setting. I was very hesitant to put my son on meds but now realise I made the best choice for him."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I've been on this medication for years and without it I can't concentrate read or comprehend at all. If you honestly need this it does what it is Supposed to do. "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My Grandson was diagnosed with ADHD two years ago when he was 7. We started him in councelling and they recommended we try medication. I resisted not knowing much about ADHD.  They tried him on a couple of different medicines (without success) before we tried Vyvanse the first dose 30mg did show a vast improvement but it didn't last long. We increased the doses several times before reaching his current dose of 60mg.  Like the others have stated he has loss of appetite and trouble going to sleep. They continually monitor his weight and take blood samples to make sure there is no harm to liver and kidneys. He still has occasional meltdowns which we have learned to recognize. In school he has gone from impulsive to compulsive but again it runs in spurts."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My 7 year old son with Autism/ADHD took this to decrease impulsivity. He got insomnia, rages/aggression, completely out of control. It would happen about 4 hours after taking 25mg. It also interferes with his asthma medicines- Albuterol. Not for us."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 6 year old has been on Vyvanse for 3 years. There are times that I have not had any medicines to give him and the teacher says its like a whole other kid. Without him being on Vyvanse I was at the school all the time and my grades were dropping. I did not want him on medicines at first but I am so happy that I decided to. He is still my little Buge and not a hot mess. Such a joy and thanks to Vyvanse I have my son back."
Review of Guanfacine: "I'm a single father of a 9 year old boy and I want to warn other parents to stay away from this drug. My son was sleepy, irritable during the day. His teachers could not put up with it and I had to switch him to another school which solved nothing. I have learned that ADHD does not define my child and I expect him to behave and follow his responsibilities because I understand no one else will do this for him. It was tough at the beginning but overtime and taking generic vyvanse helped him gain independent skills. DO NOT switch your child to this drug."
Review of Focalin: "My 7 year old son started taking focalin xr 5 in December after I had him tested for what I was sure going to be asperges. Turns out he was suffering from ADHD...he is currently on 15 mg xr and I can honestly say for him it is a miracle drug. He went from not being able to read and barely writing his name to reading whole books...he also went from making 20's and 30's on spelling test to averaging 90, we even had 2 100's. He has lost some weight but right now is still average so it is not much of a concern."
Review of Atomoxetine: "This drug works mildly, not as well as stimulant medications like adderall.   Unfortonately while it mildly boosted concentration and motivation it severely increased my anxiety, ,heart rate, and tremors.   Stimulant medications actually decreased my natural tremors.   My pupils were always dialated as well.  To me this drug is a stimulant like super caffeine not a medicational stimulant."
Review of Focalin XR: "My daughter was 6 when she started it and her school work has improved dramatically. The only side effect is that she is not hungry, and we have to force her to eat. At 5:30pm when it wears off, she is hungry and distracted."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Oh, if there was an 11, I would give Vyvanse this rating, if it was not for one side effect. But I am not 100% sure it is the Vyvanse.  I have been having pretty bad chest pains since I started on Vyvanse a couple of months ago. I even went to the ER for an asthma attack.  The trouble is, for the last few years (pre-ADHD diagnosis and any meds) I have been slowly growing into adult onset asthma. So it's tough even for the doctors to tell if it's from the asthma or the Vyvanse! The ER doc said no, Vyvanse shouldn't cause chest pains, so did my psychiatrist (who I trust and really respect). Long story short--I LOVE VYVANSE!! Has given me my life whole new meaning. I am the best version of myself.  My whole entire extended family notices!"
Review of Bupropion: "My Dr. prescribed me Wellbutrin XL 2 months ago for depression and ADHD. It has truly helped with both. I began planning and cooking meals, exercising, and I have more motivation and I focus much better. However, I had to quit drinking coffee because the drug makes me feel anxious. I describe it as irrational/unreasonable. For example, one day I was in Wal-Mart with my toddlers and I felt like I was going to have a panic attack. I think I'm going to give this drug another month and if the anxiety persists, I may ask to try something else."
Review of Clonidine: "I have not experienced any negative side effects from this medication. It has helped me a great deal with my ADHD at night with anxiety, helping me to calm down in the evening to get sleep."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Flattening out the dosage peaks as these occurr with Ritalin is a pleasant experience, reducing fatigue and also the moments per day being confronted with a chronic condition. Most notable side effect was extreme agitation, forcing to quit the usage."
Review of Focalin XR: "My son takes Focalin XR for his adhd. I like the medicine but my only complaint is a side effect that is not listed anywhere when I research Focalin. The side effect my son experiences is digging in the ear or the sensation of something in his ear that he needs to get out. The higher the dosage the worse the digging is. I have talked to the doctors, had his ears checked and put on allergey medicines, he still digs in his ears. He does really well with the medicine in school and activities out side of school. I have not seen any other side effect for this medication."
Review of Focalin XR: "Hi! I am 18 years old . I was diagnosed with ADHD just a couple months after starting kindergarten. I was having trouble paying attention, got in trouble everyday; seeing the principal was 2-3 times every 2 weeks was normal. I started taking focalin at 5. My grades improved, my conduct improved, and I could focus. I took it  every weekday I was in school. It killed my appetite, I became dehydrated a lot and I didn't get all the nutrients I needed to Grow properly ( 16, 124lbs).  I stopped taking in 7th grade at my discretion and my grades dropped instantly, my conduct went back. 11th- I started back and instantly my grades improved. Only drawback is I have to force myself to eat."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 24, in gradschool and I've been taking the 70mg for about four months.  At first I lost ten pounds but now have maintained my appetite.  When I don't take it I do feel an uncontrollable desire to eat a lot.  I have difficulty sleeping at night and sometimes won't fall asleep until 3 or 4 am, and I take the medicine as soon as I wake up. I think it works best a few hours after taking it. Feel no anxiety and accomplish a lot- but then wears off by the afternoon.  Also I was prescribed an anti-depressant before but I feel this somewhat takes care of that. I still prefer taking Vyvanse now but I do think I'll stop for a while after graduating because I'm not sure about the long term effects."
Review of Methylphenidate: "So i was diagnosed with inattentive type ADHD about a month or two ago. I'm 19 and in second year university. I struggle to take in information in distracting settings like big lecture halls, have  tough time focusing, and my organization skills have always been poor. So my doctor prescribed 18mg concerta. I've taken it for a week so far and I'm loving the results. Im now always listening in lectures, always focusing on what the prof is saying. My room, car, desk is now more organized than it has ever been, and its stayed that way so far! Many people complain about lack of appetite but I haven't noticed that at all! Ive noticed two minor side effects so far. Headaches that start later in the day, as well as some minor irritability."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have not tried any medication beside this, and I could not feel anything from 30mg or 50mg, and I do not have any hope for 70mg either right now."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "This is the best medicine I've ever tried. It's very smooth and easy on body with least side effect."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have ADHD since I was very young. I've been on numerous different medications for it - Adderall XR, Concerta, Strattera, etc. Out of them all, Vyvanse has had the best results. Vyvanse helps me focus, get things done, act my age, and think before I act. I can focus on one thing at a time, rather than twenty things at once. One thing I have noticed about Vyvanse is that it treats my ADHD but doesn't take away from my personality. In other words, it doesn't make me feel like a zombie. I would definitely recommend Vyvanse to anyone with legitimate ADHD!"
Review of Adderall: "I've been on Adderall for about 4 years. I was having an extremely hard time focusing, extreme fatigue, general feeling of being lost and overly emotional and unstable. Adderall was an absolute miracle when I started on it. My trouble paying attention, loss of interest in life, constant sleepiness and emotional swings were gone. It made me genuinely happy and self confident for the first time in my life. "
Review of Concerta: "Male age 47 adhd sufferer.... Been taking concerta xl 36mg for the past 12 years now.. To start with, I didn't understand how the drug would help me.. But now Looking back it has proved to be a fantastic drug that has tweaked the way I live my life.. But I say this with caution, as its not perfect and it caused me a lot of other problems.. Like someone has said on here before it doesn't turn you into a fully focus person. Sorry. Well it hasn't for me but it has helped me over time to stop beating myself up on that bloody roundabout in my mind, and gain a little bit of confidence..Balance of mind ultimately came when I was prescribed antidepressants.. So I use concerta at 4am and antidepressants at 8pm.."
Review of Strattera: "I have been on Strattera for over a year now.  I will be 50 in July. This medicine works well for me.  My thought patterns were like a slot machine with three or more thoughts going through my head at one time.  Now my brain is quiet. It's amazing. I sleep well because I can turn off my thoughts. I have lost over 50 lbs. due to side effects at first, but now it's because I find that I focus on what I put in my mouth. It is nice to be able to wear skinny clothes again. I only need to lose about 30 more. Try this medication. I can't imagine not ever taking it. It has been a blessing."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have identical twin boys that are eight years old. They were both diagnosed with ADHD at a young age. At first we did everything possible to avoid medicines. After 1 year we started with adderall the extended and immediate release, 2 pills a day and were impressed. It's effectiveness was noticeable once the medicine wore off (moodiness, short temper,and rebound hyperactivity). After 2 years we were introduced to Vyvanse and it is great. They only take one pill daily and it lasts 11-12 hours without the rebound side effects. The only problem is eating they don't have much of an appetite throughout the day."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall has improved my life drastically! So drastically that I had to come on here and write about it. Since I have ADHD, simple tasks can be very hard for me. I'm 19 and just started working at a store and before being on it I was having trouble following directions and a manager even told me I needed extra training. Anyway, I managed to do well enough to not be asked to leave. Now that I'm on it I think my managers are sort of shocked at how productive I am. So much that the store manager even came up to me and said the other managers have told her that I've improved so much and become a very hard worker. On my last 2 anatomy exams I got a B. I'm able to focus and do things without giving up so easily."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 13 years old I've been on Vyvanse for about 7 years. It really helps me focus and concentrate on things that are important, it also helps me know when and when not to do things like talk when some one else is talking."
Review of Adderall: "Once getting on adderall I found it gave me just enough euphoria to put down everything from alcohol to opiates, while giving me the drive and ambition to seek an engineering degree. I must warn people adderall is a stimulant, it's out of your body rather quickly (1-2 days) so addiction in the "physical withdrawal" sense is not much, although years of taking it will keep you relying on it -that's a PROMISE. Depending on the dosage you'll be severely lethargic and wind up sleeping a few days. Beware of the day's end, you'll likely need something to sleep, or relax which can cause problems. Despite the caution, you'll be a morning person and love it, just remember the word "moderation" and you'll be a new you!"
Review of Adderall: "I stopped taking this medication 6 years ago because I built up a tolerance to it. But, it seriously was the best thing to ever happen to me. I've always had untreated ADHD and when I finally received treatment, I flourished. Now, after 6 years I am giving it a try again. So far it's working great. The two things I don't like about Adderall is that I talk WAY too much, share WAY too much information. In fact, I call up family members and talk to them to death.I had to write myself a note and tape it to the phone to not call or text anyone! And the second thing is the comedown, by the time the medication wears off, I am drained!"
Review of Vyvanse: "I have a 16yr old son who was put on Vyvanse for his ADHD 3yrs ago. It worked good for awhile made better grades in school. He had less impulsivity and was able to focus more. He had decreased appetite and needed to be put on another medicine to help him sleep. In the past year his grades went down. He was already on the highest dose of 70mg. He was becoming aggressive and very hateful. I found out that he was smoking weed and drinking. He told me he felt so jittery from his Vyvanse that was the only way he could relax. I put my son in a rehab and they switched him to Strattera and he is doing a lot better."
Review of Dexedrine: "Dexedrine is okay! When I first took it I was excited and hoped to feel something. I was instantly in a good mood, more focused, and patient. However the come down off this drug is horrible. The depression and sadness start to come back and it's just discouraging that only a medication can band-aid those emotions. I have have felt overstimulated as well. I had a gastric bypass four years ago so my doc said noXR but he put me on four 10mg a day which I feel is too much. I become agitated, irritable, paranoid, panicky, crying, etc. I decreased it to two a day. I feel that this might be too strong of a stimulant for me. I want to try Adderall since it's cheaper on my insurance and it has less dex. We'll see what he says at my next visit."
Review of Strattera: "I have tried many different prescriptions over the years to treat ADD, with various degrees of success. On other medications, I felt as though my thought patterns were altered or constrained. While on Strattera, its great to not even notice it's influence other than that I now feel as though I am better equipped to organize my thoughts. Every medication will have side effects but I think the benefits of taking a non-stimulant medication are worth it."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm a 20 year old college student and have been taking Vyvanse for about 6 months now.  Honestly, I love this medication, as it has helped me in almost every aspect of life.  My grades as well as my confidence in social situations are better than ever.  The only slightly annoying side effect that hasn't gone away is that I find my mouth sometimes getting extremely dry.  Sometimes I'll notice that my breath smells funny as a result, and I find myself going through a lot of gum and breath mints, and even brushing my teeth randomly throughout the day. Overall though, Vyvanse has been a miracle for me."
Review of Strattera: "I took it for ADD. Too many side effects. Discontinued after 13 days."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I was prescribed this medicine, 40mg twice a day. I read a lot of information before deciding to take this. I am a 40 year old black female and have had struggles for many years while in school. I decided to go back to school and also tried this to see if there was a difference. It takes a while before you notice a change in the ability to focus. When earning my 1st degree, I struggled in school, probably all my life. While on Strattera, I could sit and study for hours and not be distracted. I went from struggling to earn C's maybe a B, to Earning A's and maybe a B. I actually understood what I was studying and didn't feel like doing 3-4 other things at the same time. I stopped taking it because of an EKG that showed an irregular heart beat. A side effect."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Love this. I was first prescribed 27 mg and seen no changes but with the 54 it is perfect. I am able to focus and do things and not get irritated with background noise."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Couldn't live without it. Didn't discover it until a few years ago."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My 4 yo started taking focalin today..5mg.. she is higher than a kite.. she talks incessantly.. she is licking her chin.. she is having mouth ticks..she is sweating and scratching her face and arms..her heart is beating so fast and is crying too. She will NEVER take this med again.. ADHD is easier than this. It has been nearly 6 hrs and it is still going strong. I can't get anything done for fear of taking my eyes off her. I would give it a 0 but wasn't an option."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I hate the loss of appetite, other than that, nothing but good things."
Review of Strattera: "I had bad reaction from Ritalin so I was given Strattera. Strattera gave me and still gives me a nauseous feeling, I always take it with food and after driving to avoid this side effect as much as possible. At times it gives me head aches and irritability due to me feeling off. It is very effective in controlling my hyperactivity. I am much more attentive. Its benefits out weigh its current side effects, I recommend talking to your doctor and to keep trying new medicines to find out what works best for you. I gave it a 6/10. Its expensive, $140ish"
Review of Intuniv: "I started my son on guanfacine 1mg at night. He was 7. This is after trying a Prozac/ clonodine mix to treat his ADHD, which I hated because all my kid did was sleep. With the guanfacine, which is the generic for intuniv, he is doing great!! The 1mg at night didn't work well though. After all the adjustments I made, I ended up giving him a 1 mg in the morning and a 2 mg at night. This combo works great and my kid does not sleep all day. In fact, he hardly naps-he has made friends in school and is doing great!!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was diagnosed with ADD in elementary school.  I have taken 3 different kinds of ADD medication and Daytrana has worked the best BY FAR! Strattera made me feel weird as a child.  Adderall was terrible for me! I was mean and agitated easily, got headaches a lot, just an all around bad experience for me.  I had taken Daytrana in high school and liked it, so when I went home for Christmas break from my first semester at college and told my mom I wanted back on medication  I quit taking adderal, but NEEDED something bad! I went back on Daytrana have been on it for a year and half now and I made the Athletic Presidential Honour Roll for my conference! Daytrana= miracle and a yes, for all ADD people!"
Review of Adderall: "I was diagnosed with ADHD in 06 and I found out in order to have ADHD as an adult you had to have it as a child so I look back on my childhood in Real Life 4 did have ADHD as kid but never got treatment for it because my mom didn't believe any mental illness so I didn't start treatment with the ADHD until 2006 I was placed on Ritalin but I found it to be ineffective and then I stopped treatment and I started treatment up again a few months ago and I was giving our all and I found it to be very effective working but with 2 major side effect keeps me awake and constipation , but outside of those two it works wonderfully."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "After two hours of taking  this at 60 mg, I feel NOTHING! I have never been on any other ADHD meds except  this one. I've only been prescribed this medication two months ago and doc told me to take it once a day, everyday. I never abused it and never will. I am an avid runner and I run 3 to 5 miles everyday ever since I was 16, now I am 30 years old. I am also a serious health  conscious person. I know that this drug is to be metabolized in your liver before becoming active but I feel like this medication  goes through me too fast, like drinking water! I get more benefits  for my cognition problems with Brintellix!  This might be one of those cases where I might be  better on Adderral. I never experienced a crash on this drug."
Review of Bupropion: "I hve major depression and anxiety issues and was recently diagnosed with ADHD.  SSRIs make me sick and but I found that taking trileptal (which is an NSRI) completely knocked out my anxiety but didn't touch my depression or my ADHD symptoms . I was terrified of taking the stronger psychiatric medications. But then my doc added Wellbutrin. It had a fast and profound and effect on my ADHD symptoms first. My thoughts were calmer and not so all over the place and my thought felt sharper, my focused. My energy level is up too. It took a little while for it to touch the depression, that was more of a slow burn but now the lethargy and hopelessness is gone. Trileptal and Wellbutrin are non traditional meds for anxiety/depression/ADHD but this  my"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia. It seems I also have ADHD, Idiopathic Hypersomnia (not narcolepsy, but an unknown reason for excessive sleepiness), and a host of other symptoms. Ritalin was a life saver. I am able to think clearly again, I can wake up in the morning, and stay awake during the day, and my creativity is back (Artist/Crafter). It seems my tolerance is building, so my doctor tried me on LA; in a 1 month test I had a rocky start, but once my system adjusted it worked wonderfully. However, now my insurance company won't pay for it. Always one step forward, two steps back."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I've tried others ADHD meds. I always come back to this one. It works the best. Downside, it's so expensive."
Review of Adderall XR: "Adderall XR lasted no longer for me than Adderall IR. I was prescribed 30mg XR twice daily with its duration being four hours before it stopped working."
Review of Methamphetamine: "The only thing that ever helped me."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I posted a couple of months ago...but wanted to post again since I've been on Vyvanse a little longer and have more to share. I'm a 40 year old woman.This medication has changed my life and I can't say enough positive things about it. My doctor and I were discussing it last night and he said that not everyone has the success that I've had on it...everyone is different. I take 70mg and it does last all day. No bad side effects except I've lost 15lbs, so I must watch that. Also..dry mouth. Otherwise, Vyvanse gets the highest marks with me. For bad PMS..I take Lithium for 7 days prior to start of period..and that keeps the "meanies" away. :)"
Review of Ritalin-SR: "Updated since my last report. I tried 1-20mg & 1- 10mg; 4 hours later 1-20mg; 4 hours later 1-10mg. Been trying this for a couple weeks & so far it is working fine, from the time I wake up till the time I hit the hay."
Review of Strattera: "I am 32 & have walked around with ADHD for my entire life until a nurse suggested I get screened. My "Doc" told me I was Cyclothymic (Bipolar III) & that I was having panic attacks. I agreed but the symptoms never got better with the prescription I was on. I went to have my Echocardiogram & was told I gave Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome. Long story short, the benefits of this medicine have shown up in the 7 days that I have taken it. My pulse is lower, I haven't had any "panic attacks" & I'm starting to be able to focus a little better. I can't urinate as well unless I consume more water but I needed more anyway. This medicine has made me feel normal for the first time in many many years."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I love Strattera! I'm a 31 year old woman with ADHD that has gone untreated my whole life. I finally got tested and diagnosed with ADHD, and after doing lots of research decided to try Strattera. This is the first and only thing I've tried for ADHD and I love it. I've been taking 40mg for two months and I've noticed a significant improvement in my ability to focus on and complete tasks without feeling distracted. It has calmed me down and I don't feel as edgy and agitated anymore. I'm able to control my emotions more and feel happier and more at ease. So glad I moved forward with this!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "My Grandson was diagnosed with ADD and was placed on Metadate CD which from school reports about behavior in class seems to be helping there. But he does seem to behave some reflex issues being slowed down in sports and acts much more insecure in wanting a constant approval which we are quick to give. "
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My son has been on Focalin XR for 3 years now.  We have had nothing but success.  He will not go to school without it.  He went from a failing student that stayed in trouble to a GT student that LOVES school and a very successful competative swimmer.  Yes we do have behavor problems in the evening but its nothing that we can't handle.."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "Works Well"
Review of Adderall XR: "Had the best results from Adderall XR. So smooth that I could concentrate and felt like the most normal person with absolutely no highs and lows. I could sit and concentrate for hours, go to sleep like normal people and wake up like other adults. Insurance quit paying for it and had to switch to regular Adderall."
Review of Methylphenidate: "It helps me stay focused. All the other ADHD medicines they tried me on did not help, only made me have horrible mood swings."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "Ok I have been reading up on the side affects and reviews of this medication my 6 year old had tried 2 or 3 other ADHD medications from a clinic he stayed in for about a month he is on XR 20mg and it to me has honestly done wonders my son is able to focus, learn, sit still and get his school work done. He is so much happier that he is learning and can focus on one subject at a time rather than racing through his brain. I like it and only concerns is he can hold better conversations but his answers to question are very short "How was your day?" "Good...".You have to ask him more questions to get more answers. Then you have to repeat or either give him one instruction at a time for him to complete. I'm concerned about the long term side affects"
Review of Vyvanse: "I was on Ritalin/Concerta since I was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 6 (I am now 18). I switched to Strattera last September, and that was horrible, didn't do a thing for my ADHD. I went back on Concerta, but noticed it wasn't working as well.My psychiatrist switched me to Vyvanse 40mg in the morning, and I immediately noticed the benefits, 100% better than Concerta and 400000% better than Strattera. Only side effects is lack of appetite but I am welcoming that side effect because I also suffer from binge eating disorder.It helps my concentration immensely (I suffer with severe ADHD, to the point it's hard to have a conversation without zoning out and not listening).Vyvanse is a life saver!"
Review of Concerta: "My son, 11, had been on Concerta for two years. We took him off of this med because he was getting very aggressive, with me and his siblings, and also kept saying he was going to kill himself."
Review of Concerta: "I've been taking Concerta XL for around 2 months after finally being diagnosed as and adult. I started on 18mg, and within half an hour, I felt able to concentrate and focus on tasks for the 1st time. A couple of days later, I had crippling headaches but everything settled down after that. My resting heart rate has sped up by 10bpm whilst the medication is in effect. I'm currently on 54mg and the therapeutic effects are great, but I feel dehydrated no matter how much water I drink, and I have developed sinus problems. It's worth it though."
Review of Guanfacine: "My son was prescribed this medication for the second time.  2 years ago along with amphetamines while in kindergarten and he became very aggressive to the point he hit me, he had terrible anger outbursts, and a LOT of issues at school.  But I was going through a divorce and 2 years later we decided to give it another chance in case it was more behavioral; however, after 2 weeks, I receive an email from his teacher about how his behavior changed dramatically for the worst. Again we stop.  This time we know he's in a happy home environment and his behavior is much better so it became obvious it's the medication.  Not for my son. He's on vyvanse only now and we'll see how that goes."
Review of Concerta: "Love this. I was first prescribed 27 mg and seen no changes but with the 54 it is perfect. I am able to focus and do things and not get irritated with background noise."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I'm able to tackle life and with a good mood."
Review of Adderall XR: "I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was in 3rd grade and went through just about every medication. I have anxiety and some medications really made it worse. Now 18 and in college and I've been on adderal 20mg extended release for 3 years and every once in a while I take a "tolerance break" taking a break from it really does help when you go back to us using it. Take it early in the day or else you will most likely be awake until late hours of the night"
Review of Guanfacine: "My six year old son has been on Intuniv for 6 months. He has had an improvement in mood, attention and hyperactivity. However, he is tired in the afternoons and it is hard for him not to fall asleep due to how drowsy he is. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "This medication really, really helps me with everything."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "This medication has been a God send in some ways. I am an adult executive that suffers from ADD/ADHD and I use the XR version of this on an as needed basis, usually when I have lots of mundane paper work to get through that would never otherwise get done due to my lack of ability to naturally focus on tasks like that."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son has ADD without the H. He started on 18mg in September. His teachers noticed the difference from the year before. He did lose his appetite, but due to a growth spurt and my making him eat he gained a pound. He loved the medicine and actually wanted to take it. He got the flu in early November and stopped the pills cause they seemed to make it worse. When we started again they still made him sick so we just took a break, thinking to get the idea out of his head, then I got his report card. He started the pills again 4 days ago and no sickness, as long as he eats 1/2 hour before. Teachers have already commented on the change."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Racing heart and head rushes when you first start taking the medicine... It was my life saver for high school and college and even now through life.. I can actually accomplish things in an orderly fashion."
Review of Adzenys XR-ODT: "Been on Adzenys since September 2016. Works great.  I have been more focused at work and I'm other less stimulating situations. No side effects. Flavor is good for a ODT. Easy to take and remember"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I feel that I have had ADHD all my life, but I was only officially diagnosed when I was 17. I have been on Vyvanse for close to 6 years now and I can say that in the beginning it worked just how I hoped it would. It gave me energy and the ability to focus and get things done that I needed to. I started off on one 30 mg pill a day but I feel that I quickly built up a tolerance to it. I am now on two 50 mg pills (100mg) a day and it still doesn't have the effect that it used to on me. That is just one of a few things that I don't like about it. I feel like it worked for a short amount of time, but now it's just a pill that I can't get out of bed in the morning without taking. My depression has also worsened because of it I feel."
Review of Strattera: "Works well, does it's job, but be warned, for the first few days - week, the side effects are freaking horrible. I was on Wellbutrin for a half a year, but got off due to having a rare side effect (muscle & joints hurting). Trying Strattera now, and as far as I can tell, it's very nice. Thoughts are organized, and I feel more relaxed (which is good because I might have anxiety - still being determined), none the less I get a lot more things done. Side effects are a bloody nightmare - hang in there! They do go away! I started on only 25MG and for 4 days I was nauseous & had to lay down from time to time, couldn't stop sleeping, & my eyes were hurting... weird... I went up to 50MG, and again, the same symptoms."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "My son is 13 years old and has have been on Adderall for about 6 years now and was recently switched from Adderall XR 15 mg to Adderall XR 20 mg. Today is his first on the 20 mg. So far he noticed a large difference in the effects. He said when he was on 15 mg XR for 2 years and he didn't even notice his attention span had dropped and his grades had also been, He said felt no effect whatsoever from 15 mg. The 20 mg has a noticably large increase in effectiveness . For the first time in months he feel back to normal and refreshed. He said never knew my body could grow a tolerance to a medication so quickly. I am curious if every dosage will get weak like the 15 mg. I don't want to keep elevating the strength for him as I'm worried it is bad for his health."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Worked great the first couple of days - concentrated, laser focus and able to work hard. A few days in, I felt like I was on speed - couldn't concentrate, thoughts racing, difficulty completing tasks. I couldn't stay on it, I was so anxious."
Review of Clonidine: "I used it to come off of oxycodone and it helped some. My doctor continued it as an adjunct to my ADHD medicines and it was a nice mellow touch. Discontinued after a year; I take enough medicines as it is."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My daughter was diagnosed with ADD in the  1st grade.  I didn't want to start her on a stimulant right away and our pediatrician recommended we try Strattera.  I am happy to say that my daughter is now in 11th grade and has been on Straterra her entire time in school...we went through all the ups and downs of titrating the meds, which combo worked and which upset her tummy but all in all this has been the best med for her.  She is now on 80 mg and has been since she stopped growing.  Unfortunately, the meds have gotten extremely expensive and even with a coupon, I will have to pay over $350/month to keep her on this until we hit our $5,600 deductible.  I am very disappointed in the manufacturer that they have hiked the meds so high."
Review of Strattera: "I've tried Concerta alone, Strattera alone, Strattera with Wellbutrin, and am now taking Concerta 36 and Strattera 40 together.  They have different effects, and I don't want to be without either one.  Concerta works great for staying on target when I'm at work.  Strattera works great at lowering irritation and provokability.  Much slower to anger with the Strattera, able to brush off insults, has helped with marital problems.  Strattera also makes me interested in my daughter and wife, improves my patience in reading a book, and reduces my urge for internet browsing.  I had the often reported sexual side effects (leaking semen, painful ejaculation) at the 60 dose, so reduced to 40."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was only recently diagnosed with ADHA, in Australia this product is listed at a reduced price (pbs) at $31.00 (aud) sadly if you have been diagnosed over the age of 18 the price of vyvanse sits at $113 being over the age of 18 I have to pay full price, financially un-viable I had to research other products to see which product(s) were under the Australian pbs, the only product that is listed under the pbs for people diagnosed over 18 is dexamphetamine which I am about to start, if the product was more affordable I would not be changing over"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "This is my second day on Vyvanse. I am very excited to try this drug in hopes that this one will work. I have been on Metadate and Strattera both didn't seem to help me at all. The first day I took this I did well at work. I am a server and usually mess up something but no mess-ups that day! Afterwards I cleaned my room, which I have been meaning to do forever, and I saw a movie. I did not talk once. My friends were amazed, as was I. I usually ruin movies by talking over them. I have a good feeling about Vyvanse but I will need more time to really tell if it's right for me. I did have a few outbursts though and afterwards felt silly. I'm not sure if this is a side effect of the drug."
Review of Bupropion: "I have ADHD as well as epilepsy. I have taken just about everything for ADHD, and with my siezure history I have no clue as to why this was prescribed to me. (Actually it was new, I got samples.) Mildly stimulating, but in the wrong part of the brain for ADHD. I had seizures and got off it when I found out it caused seizures in people who aren't epileptic."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have been off and on this drug since age 17. My advice if you take it and it works, take it as directed. I'm a recovering alcoholic and I take it now as directed. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've tried several of the common ADD medications, and Concerta works the best for me. I was on it for two years a few years ago. When I am on this, I produce better work in school and in my job. When I am not on it, my mind has significant difficulty compartmentalizing information, storing it and accessing it when I need it. Often I wouldn't even hear what was being said. This creates major anxiety when I can't think clear enough to get more challenging tasks done. What Concerta also does is makes me hyper- focus on small things like constructing a simple email to send to one person - it'll take me 15 minutes to write the 30 second email because I'm overly focused on my every word."
Review of Amphetamine: "Better than Adderall or Vyvanse for side effects.  Works the same but not as long"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I just recently started taking Adderall XR and even though my doctor and I are still trying to find the right dose I have already noticed a major difference. Since I've started taking it I've been able to get lost in books for the first time because I can actually focus without having to make myself. I have noticed a decrease in appetite but it seems more like a newly developed aversion to high calorie foods and I'm wondering if that's not because of the added stimulation from the carbohydrates. Either way I think it's important for everyone to remember there is no magic pill and in order to get the best results you have to change your lifestyle too. Like making sure to get 8 hours of sleep and eat foods high in fiber and cut back on sugar."
Review of Vyvanse: "Made me psychotic, Messed up my sleep (go to bed at 5 am and wake up at noon)And the worst part is, it didn't help.Later my doctor then prescribed me adderall, then ritalin, then a bunch of others, all did the same thingthen i decided to go to a holistic doctor, now i'm on synaptol (a natural "medicine") and i can now actually focus at works."
Review of Vyvanse: "As an adult I love the fact that I don't have to plan my day around when I was going to take my next dose.  With Vyvanse I take it in the morning and it lasts all day.  When my 7 year old began taking medication during kindergarten it worked well but in first grade you are there all day.  He was going to need second dose for an afternoon boost. Now that he is on Vyvanse I don't have to worry about making sure he is given his second dose by the school nurse.  He just takes on in the morning and it lasts all day. I am also impressed by how the medicine eases into you system. There are no ups and downs."
Review of Guanfacine: "Great medication! No side effects and I feel like myself! I'm doing things without bring asked I'm normally asked 5 times to do!"
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 17 year old junior and I started taking Vyvanse in 9th grade. I'm not saying it doesn't work because I went from any average student to where B's are a disappointment to my mom. But I haven't had much of a social life anymore, the people at my lunch table think I'm anorexic and I don't sleep most nights. I get headaches constantly and I'm tired of this. I tried other medicines but my mom said nothing works as good. "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "amazing"
Review of Strattera: "I'm 36 yr old female who has been on Strattera for 8 months. When I started back to college full-time my focus was a mess and it took me hours to write the simplest of papers. Growing up I greatly struggled in school and clearly it was due to undiagnosed ADD. As an adult I was diagnosed w depression/gen anxiety but never found much relief from medications. Once I began the 80mg dose of Strattera, I was sleeping better, able to focus in class and at home while tackling work and much of my anxiety is gone. Over the break my dr suggested some people take a med break , so I did -- now realizing what a huge difference it made for me. Side effects in the beginning were heartburn, but I took a Xanax w dose and it subsided in about a month."
Review of Focalin: "38 year oid female - within three days of taking this medication (1/day at lowest dosage) I was suicidal. Depression, but NO previous history of suicidal tendencies. There were no other changes in my life other than this medication. I recovered quickly after stopping taking Focalin. I also had strong negative reaction to Vyvanse. Doc said there was something unusual about how my body metabolizes this particular medications. Concerta has done well for me, considering Ritalin SR due to cost."
Review of Intuniv: "Great medication. I was originally prescribed this medication in a treatment center to help me sleep and with anxiety when I got off of amphetamines (adderall, other amphetamines). I was taking it at bedtime. I found that it helps more with my focus, and it wears off during the day. I take 3mg once daily. However, I still have some strong ADHD symptoms. Intuiv just helps me... stay less scattered. Oh, and insurance is a rubbish it can be difficult to get this medication even with insurance."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My son has been on this for 8 years and it is a huge help. Takes 1st thing in morning and lasts all day. No problem eating dinner and has kept a healthy weight. With the coupon we pay zero out of pocket...."
Review of Vyvanse: "I work in a call center and I was made aware of my hyperness and also that I was speaking way too fast to our customers on the phone. In reality I always knew I was a bit loud with my voice and with my actions. I was diagnosed with ADHD and placed on Vyvanse and to my surprise my world changed I am able to focus not just at work but in my life as well. I feel like every thing has been placed in order. Things make sence to me and I love the feeling. I am glad to have this medication in my life, and I don't see myself as ever going back to living the way I was."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 17 and been on Vyvance for about two years. I had always had a really hard time paying attention in class and getting any kind of work done, so my mom took me to the Dr and he diagnosed me with severe ADD. He put me on Strattera and I was good on it, until they upped my dosage. I'm normally a really happy, easy going person, do not get mad easily AT ALL, but on the Strattera, I was moody and was having nightmares, couldn't sleep. So he put me on Ritalin. It was the same as the Strattera, moody, nightmares, and the added increased heart rate. So finally, the Dr said he was going to try Vyvanse. I was really scared because of the past experiences, but I tried it. I slept, felt good, and am able to focus!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "I'm ADD and Bipolar.  Strattera has helped give me a laser like focus in the morning.  If I don't get enough sleep I can't stay awake (it seems to cause drowsiness) but if I am well rested, I am on task.  The only negative is as the day wears on, it seems to lose effectiveness.  I could use another dose by 3pm.  I am thirsty all the time, dry mouth and not very hungry. I'm on my 2nd month and seeing how it goes. I've tried Adderall that made me way too nervous and Effexor which didn't do enough."
Review of Strattera: "Has helped me a lot with focusing and getting tasks done. I had some nausea during my first and second weeks. Taking it with food was helpful. Overall, it worked pretty well for me."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "It's great grades came up from straight F's to B & C's."
Review of Dexedrine: "This is a wonderful medication. I am so happy I switched from Adderall. I find the focus and concentration to be awesome. Without a doubt it is the cleanest feeling ADHD medications on the market. If you have co-morbid anxiety disorders, this is the medicine to go for. I always felt anxious on Adderal or Ritalin, but the Dexedrine is so smooth that I find my anxiety is being helped! I would definitely recommend this to anyone who has ADHD, especially when others have caused increased agitation. I believe this is the best ADHD medicine on the market."
Review of Amphetamine: "I have to say I thought it would be like Adderall but it's really not. I read their study, yeah I'm a dork, but I remembering it saying different mixtures working different. If you are having problems with your current ADHD med talk to you doctor and get a 60 pill free trial."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall is amazing.  It really works. I've never really been one to take medicines, even tylenol, but this drug has changed my life. Old me was cranky, according to my wife."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I've been taking 20mg of Adderall XR for about 4 months now, and yes I'll admit it has dramatically changed my life. All the good side effects come to life and I feel like a completely amazing person."
Review of Metadate CD: "I couldn't be happier with how this drug has helped my daughter.  She's been taking it for 8 months now, with absolutely no problems.  We tried 2 doses of 4-hour methalyn first, but it just didn't seem to help much.  She's getting all A's in school and will actually be tested for the 'gifted' program next year because of this medicine allowing her to focus and concentrate on her school work.  The only 'slight' con I have is when it wears off, she's a little moody, but she gets over that quickly."
Review of Bupropion: "I was like one of those fluorescent bulbs flickering out..had ADHD and depression. When I was upped to the 300mg in week two the bulb was changed, light was on. Forget the light, I was solar powered. Sexual side effects nymphomaniac 1st 2 weeks. Healthy by week 3. Husband couldn't keep up. I woke up without an alarm went to bed slept great. I started working out. Then I got a rash. I was devastated. I wanted to explore the possibility of continuing while living on allergy medicines. I tried that for a few day but the good feelings were gone. My body refused to cooperate with my mind and emotions. Drug Companies please come up with another antidepressant NDRI I can take. Goodbye Wellbutrin, with you the honeymoon was grand. Going to try out Cymbalta."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Not a panacea, but big drop in concentration when dose is missed. Extended release, but loses effectiveness by early evening. Supplemented by low-dose methylphenidate before dinner if I need to work late. Taken too late, may affect sleep."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Horrible.  In my 30s going to a high demanding graduate school.  Helped me early on in undergrad but now after all these years i hate it.  My family gets the worse of it as i am always pissed off and irritable while on it and cant think clear without it.  Its a double edged sword.  Waiting for the day i can say FU to this horrible man made addiction."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "There are many positives such as motivation, and a brief period of content, but there are also many negatives.. rapid heartbeat/chest pains, weight loss, dizziness, dry mouth. When the medicine kicks in, i feel this amazing sense of being content.., no matter what I'm doing at the time i just feel happy, but soon feel an extreme sadness and despair when it wears off, because i wonder why i can't be happy anymore. I also become extremely irritable, anxious, and restless. I continue to take this medication ,because it helps me get things done and focus, but the negative impact is extremely hard on me, and effects my mental and physical health greatly. Most common side effects for me are chest pains, sadness, rapid mood change, headache, and loss"
Review of Armodafinil: "Having been told over 12 yrs ago that I had ADHD I have tried several medicines. The main one I used is Adderall 30mg twice a day. This has proven very effective. Having tried both Provigil and Nuvigil both I believe Nuvigil to be the better of the two. None of the traditional side effects of speed and Nuvigil is very clean. So much so and I know this sounds goofy but you don't even realize it's working until you shake your head an realize how focused, alert and clear thinking you have been."
Review of Strattera: "I've been on Strattera since 3rd grade. And I don't understand why so many people are against it. I have only experienced good results with this drug. My grades have increased, I am able to focus in class, and I can excel and prosper. My doctor has told me that eventually I will be weaned off of Strattera because my brain should be able to adapt. All I can say is. I never experienced any horrible side effects, if any. I can't say I remember any side effects. And I know that it is not addictive since I am able to stop taking the drug during the summer time. I've had a moderately positive experience on Strattera. I hope everyone else does too."
Review of Atomoxetine: "In my 30's, energy levels dropped and  found life more challenging.  I would wonder how I could get through the day.   I took adderall  but could feel that it wasn't right.  I guess it felt too much of a party drug.  After a few doses, I actually just felt, I suppose buzzed, not able to complete tasks.  Perhaps the dose wasn't high enough?  I went to my doctor with a list of meds. and notes.  He picked up on straterra, which wasn't top.  The instructions said it may take a month to work! It was instant!  I am less irritable, have more mental energy.  My brain must have been tired and my thoughts are more positive than negative.  I have all the side effects, inconsistently.  They are far outweighed by ++.  Also try matcha green tea!!"
Review of Clonidine: "Depression for fifteen months hinged on the fact that my inattention was so bad. Every day it was constantly "OH MY GOD CAN'T DO ANYTHING." I had so many motivations and ambitions  for projects and was so overwhelmed by ADHD that I could not do any of it. All I can say is that I am really disappointed with Strattera... I fought and fought to get a stimulant to no avail and they finally gave me Kapvay for bedtime. It's been two weeks and my depression has finally lifted because my inattention and distraction is gone. They are symbiotic with each other. And now I can DO STUFF and not have to binge watch Impractical Jokers anymore. To ADHD I stand atop a tram in a superhero costume and say "SUCK IT!!!""
Review of Strattera: "It made me want to sleep all day and made me extremely nauseated. After a month of taking 40mg it didn't touch my ADHD and after a month of 60mg still nothing happened except the side effects. "
Review of Guanfacine: "My son took this for a couple of years.  At first it was very effective, and I was excited to have a non-stimulant medication to treat his ADHD.  It did make him sleepy, and that was problematic, and then its effectiveness wore off.  "
Review of Guanfacine: "My daughter started this, she was tired and first but we moved it to a later time.  After two months we moved her up to 2mg as she was still unfocused. Well I haven't slept in weeks, she is up alot at night won't sleep in her room anymore. We switched to taking it in the morning and thought it was a faze, i will be making an appointment to talk to her pediatrician. It was our choice as a nonstimulant and im not going to put her on one. Hopefully there is something  else out there that will work as great during the day but not nightmares. We live in Canada and thankfully our insurance pays for it but that's not a reason to stay on it."
Review of Strattera: "Better than a lot of other ADHD medications. Helped me lose 5-10lbs in only a month, but my weight remained the same for a while then went back up to original weight, probably because of starting other medications. Been on it for 8 months, and it has helped with reading and impulsivity related to ADHD, but does not give a boost of energy and productivity like Dexedrine or Vyvanse does."
Review of Methylphenidate: "This medicine is incredible. I've had ADD for about 20 years, as long as I've been alive and college has exacerbated the condition, so my neurologist prescribed Ritalin to me. This starts to wear off after about 2.5-3.0 hours, but it works absolute MIRACLES. The whole time before, whenever I tried to work, it was like I was seeing the world through warped glasses and my mind was just foggy, like it was full of ice and cotton, but now the entire world is beautifully, wonderfully clear! This is truly an amazing medicine, but be sure to follow your doctor's orders with it, as it can have side effects."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have a 16yr old son who was put on Vyvanse for his ADHD 3yrs ago. It worked good for awhile made better grades in school. He had less impulsivity and was able to focus more. He had decreased appetite and needed to be put on another medicine to help him sleep. In the past year his grades went down. He was already on the highest dose of 70mg. He was becoming aggressive and very hateful. I found out that he was smoking weed and drinking. He told me he felt so jittery from his Vyvanse that was the only way he could relax. I put my son in a rehab and they switched him to Strattera and he is doing a lot better."
Review of Modafinil: "I'm a 28 yo male, with former drug addiction (mainly GHB), ADHD and anxiety/depression related symptoms and treated with Zoloft 100 mg., baclofen 70 mg., modafinil 400 mg. daily and clonazepam 2-4 mg. when needed.Modafinil helps me to concentrate and focus without the side effects I've experienced with dexamphetamine, dexmethylphenidate and Ritalin (methylphenidate). It also helps me with drowsiness and fatigue, caused by baclofen. Although I am a former drug addict, I don't experience any addiction or dependence problems with modafinil.I'm from the Netherlands, where my  insurance covers the above medications fully."
Review of Concerta: "Well it started in 2014 when I was diagnosed with adhd.... And I could not focus for more than 5 minutes before doing something else and this has helped me greatly focus and calm me down.  We also own a farm and I drive a skid steer loader and drive a tractor, also doing fieldwork takes a good deal of focus and now I can easily do 5 hours of bale loading and not get distracted which is a lifesaver. One downside is that I lose my appetite but not a big deal to me."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My daughter was diagnosed with ADHD in May 2009 on her 8th birthday.  She was put on Concerta and we immediately noticed a difference.  We have had to increase it a couple of times but there has never been a negative side effect. She even noticed the difference in her ability to focus at school and at home.  It has also helped her to maintain her friendships (she not as annoying). I am satisfied with how Concerta has helped my daughter."
Review of Evekeo: "My son's doctor gave him this to try. It's pretty much the same as Adderall. I didn't see a big difference in his behavior compared to generic Adderall. There's not much point in paying a premium price (no generic) for the same effectiveness as his usual med."
Review of Methylphenidate: "This is a great medicine. The first 2 days I felt ill on it nausea mainly and I find sleeping incredibly difficult but don't mind so much as I don't feel bad for it the next day. It's also making me dream a lot but overall I feel great and have much more of a will power to do everything. I started on 18mg and on Friday I go up to 36mg so see how they go."
Review of Adderall XR: "My son is 13 years old and has have been on Adderall for about 6 years now and was recently switched from Adderall XR 15 mg to Adderall XR 20 mg. Today is his first on the 20 mg. So far he noticed a large difference in the effects. He said when he was on 15 mg XR for 2 years and he didn't even notice his attention span had dropped and his grades had also been, He said felt no effect whatsoever from 15 mg. The 20 mg has a noticably large increase in effectiveness . For the first time in months he feel back to normal and refreshed. He said never knew my body could grow a tolerance to a medication so quickly. I am curious if every dosage will get weak like the 15 mg. I don't want to keep elevating the strength for him as I'm worried it is bad for his health."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My son just started this 2.5 weeks ago. He is 9 with ADHD and odd. The medication works fine for symptoms. Yet I'm concerned because he has developed a tic where he constantly taps his legs and sometimes hits them with his fists pretty hard and twitches his eyes. We are going back to the doctor for management. "
Review of Ritalin: "I was prescribed the 10mg IR Ritalin, to be taken three times a day a few weeks ago. To say the least, I have developed a tolerance to the drug. It has a bad comedown 2-3 hours after I take the drug. But it has done wonders for my depression and ADHD symptoms. The only downside I found is that it makes me feel like a zombie, too focused, much nervous and has a nasty after-effects. But so far it has been a revolutionary step in my life. I will try switching to the LA version though."
Review of Adderall: "Well I have been on Adderall for about 5 months 20mg daily. I wish I would have taken it sooner though. I am a single mom of twin 5 year olds and I noticed that I needed this birth control. I couldn't even get out of bed, focus, complete and daily normal function, daydream, etc. I finally realized it was needed after my mother had her heart attack and I could not focus not even at work. I went to my doctors and he put me on this and I feel great 95% of the time. Weight loss great! I recommend this to anyone that needs something to really save them from spiraling down and not being able to be "Normal" Great!"
Review of Adderall: "During school I struggled with learning, despite hard work I barely graduated. By the time I reached High School I wanted to give up. As an adult I experienced the same difficulties in employment. I became depressed, almost gave up. Fortunately I was tested for ADD. Diagnosis revealed severe ADD.  Within an hour of taking first dosage, my brain seemed to turn on and function at it's optimum potential. I felt truly alert, focused and clear headed. I found I could complete tasks competently. With out Adderall I'm useless. Adderall has improved my focus ability and competency in every aspect of life. It's a battery for my brain. I am dependent on Adderall for full functioning capacity. My well being and livelihood is compromised with out this medicine."
Review of Guanfacine: "We began with night wakings then more aggression. He was never aggressive like this before. Raised to 2 mg symptoms increased again. Still hyper and seemed worse than before. Upon reducing back to 1 mg to none it's been a nightmare. Red red cheeks. Bouncing off walls. Bouncing Up till 3 am. Starting to come down a bit but oh my god the havoc on his mind and body and us plus no sleep. Doc said there wouldn't be any withdrawal "
Review of Atomoxetine: "My experience with this drug is a bitter sweet one. However, the bitter side to it overpowers the sweet by LONG SHOT. Since I was a kid, I've had behavioral issues and it wasn't until I was in my mid teens that they began to truly effect my way of life and my relationships with those around me. I had been taking Bupropion in combination with Sertraline and had no serious problem or complaints. However, when I started to wean off of the Sertral and began taking the Strattera, I began to get irritated and just downright pissed off for no apparent reason. The slightest things set me off, and it's only gotten worse with increased dosage. I'm gonna stop taking it all together. Screw a bunch of this unprovoked anger stuff. It helps no one."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 9 yr old son starting taking this medicine 1 month ago. He was on Medadate CD for 3 yrs before this. It has been wonderful so far.  His grades, homework time, handwriting, behavior and overall outlook on things have changed for the better.  The side effects are no appetite and trouble settling down at night but they are getting better. My only advise is to feed them a very good breakfast before giving the medicine and have good meal waiting when they come off."
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvanse is amazing. I've had it for about 4 months now and it's worked better than any other medicine I've tried. I am able to focus on the stuff I am doing and am able to stick with a task. I highly recommend it."
Review of Strattera: "Strattera is the worst ADHD medicine I've ever been on!  I was originally on Ritalin (worked well, but not long enough), then on Vyvance (worked great but doctor didn't like my higher blood pressure) and now I'm finally off Strattera after being on it for 11 months, because it didn't work!  My doctor is concerned about high blood pressure that can trigger heart attacks and strokes.  I'm having lots of problems coming off the Strattera.  My doctor is not willing to help with a medication change.Doctors don't know what it is like to experience the problems of ADHD and what we go through."
Review of Strattera: "I have been on and off Strattera for last two years. Strangely enough besides some dry mouth and dizziness at the beginning I have no side effects at all. I went up on my dose to 75 now. The only problem is that it is hard for me to say if it works or not."
Review of Adderall: "Please be aware of  all side effects before taking this drug. Adderal is highly addictive and it is very likely that 1 taking this drug will continue to do so for a long period of time out of necessity. Its best to slowly decrease the intake of the drug so the withdrawal symptoms are not 2 intense. Taking more than prescribed can lead 2 severe & even life threatening situations. Hallucinations, hearing voices, severe insomnia, & personality changes are inevitable if abused. With that being said, this is a highly effective yet short term solution bc of the dependency factor.  At times the side effects may be so severe that the person taking the drug doesn't even notice bc they are so happy and focused on everything else.Notice Excessive Movement?"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Been on this medication for about three years now, has improved my quality of life so much!"
Review of Concerta: "In early elementary school I was diagnosed with ADHD. It's not common for females to have it. I started on ritalin. It helped, but I stopped taking it in high school because I was worried about the stigma. In University I took it off and on. After graduating, I took it only during major changes because it helped me cope, but I never wanted to rely on it. Now I'm trying to get my career going in the field I want to be in and I'm stressed out of my mind. I have anxiety and my family doc is concerned I'm going through depression. I'm back on Concerta and have been for a few days. It is the 18mg dosage, but while I feel a bit more focused, sadly I feel more focused on my emotions. Hopefully when I move up to 27mg I will be less forgetful and anxious."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I wrote previously about loving Zenzedi and switching to Adderall XR due to insurance. After 1 month of Adderall, I am going back to Zenzedi. Adderall was just not for me. I had mental issues all month long and just didn't focus as much. My family even noticed a difference. I called my Insurance and they approved Zenzedi easily."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 48 years old and have three children.  Two of which have ADHD.  My son is 15 and started on 40mg of Vyvanse in January.  The results have been amazing.  He used to struggle to get D's and he was always getting in trouble at school for doing dumb impulsive things.  His grades started coming up immediately and we never hear from the school about discipline problems.  He's making A's and B's after 4 months.  He's no longer forgetful and scatterbrained like before.  He is as impressed as anyone with the results and wouldn't think of going a day without it."
Review of Vyvanse: "My daughter is taking Vyvance and she is seeing people following her, she thinks her phone is being tapped and she believes there are people monitoring her entire behavior. This is a really freaky side effect! She has a predisposition for Mental disease."
Review of Vyvanse: "Today was my first day on this medication (30mg). I am 27 year old female, diagnosed at 14 with ADHD. I was prescribes dexies when diagnosed and because of the strength of the narcotic, I wasn't able to continue them and chose to find alternative ways to deal with my ADHD. As a full time university student and a single mother, I find it difficult to stay focused and keep up with my daily routine. I felt completely overwhelmed recently to the point I would procrastinate and nothing would get done. That in itself caused me anxiety. It was triggered because of that fact I am dealing with a custody battle and that issue has consumed my attention, and felt because of that I was unable to do the things I needed to accomplish. So far so good."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "For me, Adderall is a dream and a nightmare all wrapped in one pill. When I wake up I need the adderall just to be productive in my day, it works like a charm and makes me more creative and motivated. But I find that I need more and more to keep going. Eventually when the day is over and its too late to take any more pills, I feel zoned out and unable to sleep. If adderral came with a powerful sleep medicine,  it would be a perfect drug. Although I don't like the anti-social aspect that comes with it. You get so concentrated that you become socially awkward and don't want to talk with anybody. Also when I drink on adderall I can become crazy aggressive at times. But other than that I love adderall, I've done some of my best work on it."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 8 year old son has ADHD with an anxiety disorder.  We started on Ritalin IR when he was 7 and it was great at first but his body started metabolizing them quickly.  We increased the dose and then he just became more irritable.  We tried adderall next which was awful for him.  His doctor wanted to either try Concerta or daytrana.  I asked if we could try daytrana because I had read good reviews.  This is the absolute best med we have tried.  He has been on the lowest 10 mg patch for over a year.  We put him on a prescription called Vayarin over the summer which is a natural omega 3 phosphatidylserine supplement that fixed the anxiety.  He has no issues and is like the other kids now.  Thankful for both meds that helped him!"
Review of Guanfacine: "I started taking Guanfacine 9 days ago for ADHD and felt a remarkable improvement the third day, but afterwards I began feeling more confused with thoughts of death.My age is 61 and I have dealt with ADHD my entire life."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Was diagnosed with ADHD around 12. Didn't take any medicines regularly for years (risks, cost) but tried many. Got through undergrad without medicines but with lots of counseling/accoms, hit grad school and knew I needed more help. Began Adderall XR   regular in '03 at 25. Dose upped from 10-25mg over time. Yes, fixes concentration problems, makes you feel functional, driven, capable, great...but see more side effects like (super high blood pressure, low libido, binge eating when off medicines, moody/short temper). Worried about long term impacts on health - not being able to quit, sex life and inability to take it while pregnant/nursing.  Would love to hear from long time users in their 30s. Glad it helps so many people as much as it does. Life changer."
Review of Strattera: "I'm in my mid 20's and bipolar. I was put on this to treat ADHD since I've always struggled in school and I'm completely unorganized. The first day I took it, it put me to sleep. After a few days of sleeping a lot I could focus! The only bad thing was when I worked out I would get funny vision, like I was going to pass out. Which doesn't help since I'm a fitness professional. I think the lower dosage worked better, once I went up to 60  I couldn't focus, slept all the time, felt depressed, and the vision got worse. I gave this medicine 8 weeks just to see if the side effects would dissipate and sadly it didn't. I did lose a few pounds, but nothing drastic (a loss of 3lbs.. I'm female 5"3 and 105)."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "While Vyvanse worked relatively well for my ADHD symptoms, it did not last nearly as long as advertised. It only lasted about seven hours at best."
Review of Cylert: "I started on Cylert in 1990 and my brain activity took off.  I was concentrating better, I wasn't as nervous as I used to be. I stopped taking it because my doctor moved from one location to out of state.  I figured I'd give it a try without it.  I went back on it in 1998 for a period of time and felt as I did back in the early 1990s.  I now cannot get it because of hepatic problems, but I am willing to keep taking it because it is and was the best ADD medication I have ever had.  I am very upset and sorry for all of us who do not use it anymore and there are no more alternatives closest to Cylert.  Maybe one day there will be, but until then, with all of the medications I have tried, my mind will continue to spin and constantly be on run."
Review of Strattera: "So I've been using Strattera 40-50-60mg since 8 months. The 50 and 60 mg dose got me very confused and I made a lot of mistakes at my job so I stopped and restart with 40 mg. At the beginning the most common side effects were: nausea, dry mouth, constipation and "sinus headache".. but it stopped after a couple of weeks. However, I started to get migraines (got 5 since I take strattera)... and I haven't got one for the last 6 years before (I'm 22 years old and I had a lot of migraines when I was 10-16 years old)... so I will stop taking the medicine. I also hurt my esophagus scphincter while vomiting cause of a migraine.. and now I have GERD.So even if it makes me feel very calm and I can eat and sleep, I think I'll be better without it."
Review of Catapres: "I used it to come off of oxycodone and it helped some. My doctor continued it as an adjunct to my ADHD medicines and it was a nice mellow touch. Discontinued after a year; I take enough medicines as it is."
Review of Vyvanse: "Wish my parents would have figured this out for me when I was in School. I found out Vyvanse really helps me with my attention problems (focusing mainly). I have been taking Vyvanse for 1 year now and I'm 43. My daughter who has had attention with focusing since 2nd grade struggled all the way through high school with no medicine to help. She started college 1 year ago (when we both started taking Vyvanse) and she now is enjoying college with excellent grades even winning awards for student of the quarter and being selected for some honor club! Oh by the way in high school she was making c,d and f's and dropped out her senior year but did get her GED. She says she never new she was smart but now realizes she just couldn't pay attention."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am 15 years old and was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 6. I feel Concerta is like a mental steroid. I focus 50% more and understand the things I'm taught better. Honestly, I really do not like Concerta. I have muscle twitches, nervousness, agitation, a complete lose of appetite, (which gets to the point where I almost pass out due to suppressed hunger pains) tiredness, mellowness, confusion, mood swings quite frequently, irritation of the eyes which is one of the things I absolutely hate, and more. I am not autistic but sometimes I feel like I am during school. My social life is completely impaired. When I take Concerta I am a very dull person. I am constantly paranoid, always worried about what others think of me."
Review of Clonidine: "My 6 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD last year. I saw signs during the preschool years as he was kicked out of three schools. This has been a trying year as we started him on Concerta, Focalin 2.5, & Focalin ER, Intuniv:(Although the stimulants were great and we saw the benefits, it was difficult for me to see the negative side effects (tics and meltdown).  I had mentioned to my doctor a month ago about Clonidine to reduce side of effects of stimulants. She declined as she was uncomfortable with providing adult medication to children. However, she contacted me about Kapvay which has been wonderful. Day 6 and a bit sleepy unlike Intuniv (sedated). I will keep you up to date."
Review of Focalin: "My son has been on focalin for this school year. It does calm him but his teachers say it does not help him focus. He sit at his desk and holds his pencil but will not do the work."
Review of Concerta: "My 10 year old was prescribed Concerta after having an allergic reaction to Adderal. Well this was not much better. He was nauseous and dizzy and his resting heart rate was 160. He only took 1 dose, and he will not be taking any more. Awful stuff"
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been on Vyvanse for almost 2 years and have had no major symptoms. I had dry mouth, but that pretty much subsided. I did lose about 30lbs, but I'm 5'9" and was weighing about 240lbs, so it wasn't as bad thing. I have ADHD, I started this medicine when I was almost 40. I'm almost 42 and really have had a great experience. My son is on it for ADD, and my daughter for ADHD. She was just tested and accepted into the gifted program and he is 2 years younger and has had significant improvements to his grades and behavior. I would recommend."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was on Ritalin XR, but it felt like rat poisen too me. I was only remembering the ups and downs, and the short goodtime was not worth it. Yesterday I took my first Vyvanse (Elvanse (EU)) and I was in heaven for the first time in my life. Everything that has been my problems seemed to vanish to some extent, and it lasted the all day! I'm so happy right know. I'm sitting writing this 2 hours into my second dose (day), and the most fantastic feeling has already kicked in. I'm so amazed that I can't get it out loud enough. :) I have been late diagnosed ADHD at age 48. I have struggled all my life with lot of failing, and had to work twice as much as others too achieve my goals. I'm so thrilled now for what the future will bring for me!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I found this medication helped me the most through high school.  Right through my senior year I found I didn't need to even study my notes much because, when I took Concerta, I was so focused that I remembered everything said in class on my own.  The main downside taking this as a student is that it wears off by the time you get home, so doing homework seems impossible -- same with studying.  After I graduated high school though, I noticed Concerta started giving me symptoms of depression and worsening my anxiety to an awful point.  Ultimately my doctor cut me off Concerta due to those emotional side effects."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I was diagnosed with ADHD Inattentive Type at age 20, in my junior year of college (about 2.5 years ago). I started on Focalin XR 10mg, and while it took me a to get used to how to work around the meds (I had to change from doing schoolwork late at night to early in the morning), but it has done nothing but help me. The only thing I found was that when I interned and now that I've been working for a year, it doesn't help me (I'm on the phone a lot and it makes me have some issues bouncing around a conversation - too focused on one thing). Cons: absolutely no appetite from about half an hour after taking it-, 6/7 hrs later, really stiff neck, crazy distracted/hungry/drained when it wears off"
Review of Atomoxetine: "I was 20 when I started staking Strattera. As far as focusing yes, I was completely focused and motivated all day! If I was sitting still I would have to pull out my phone and play a game to keep my mind moving. However the side effects were absolutely terrible! I was constantly sweating and if I wasn't sweating I had chills! I began suffering from insomnia. I have constant dry mouth and headaches. The worst side effect by far was what it did to my menstrual cycle. It gave me a EXTREMELY heavy and very crampy cycle. It also made my very regular cycle completely irregular. The side effects made it not worth it at all."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I would have to say wow! It helped me focus during school. I used to be an average student, now I have straight A's. and I don't have a problem getting anything done"
Review of Strattera: "People bad talk this stuff but it has helped me immensely with attention span, focus, socializing, depression, and my executive function overall. Helped almost immediately for me. Very few side effects. Good stuff"
Review of Guanfacine: "My son has been taking intuniv for 3 years now and has shown major improvements. The prior medications were causing my son to have tics and violent outbursts. This medication helps him more with concentration and focus but when that is under control i notice the hyper activity is more tolerable. My sons grades improved drastically and i no longer receive phone calls from his school and teachers (this was a weekly if not daily occurence)."
Review of Methylphenidate: "After the first day of taking Concerta I feel like: Oh , this is how normal people feel like. The medicine did not get me hyper but instead it made me feel a lot more alive. Exactly fit my expectation. Thank you."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been on this med for 12 days, so far i haven't seen a difference, in fact I'm thinking my Dr gave me a placebo. I have been very tired and sleeping more. I have tried Dexedrine and Concerta which I feel, worked better, but was harsh. I hope in time I will see the benefits."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My son, 11,  was taking Strattera and it did not work out well for him.  His ADHA is rather mild, and I thought this could help him with a few of his struggles. However, the side effects outweighed the benefits. The most extreme side effect didn't really hit until about a month into taking Strattera.  He became very emotional, would lash out disrespectfully and within 5 minutes would be crying and saying how sorry he was.  His brain clarity actually was WORSE.  He has always been a honor student and suddenly couldn't remember his multiplication facts. Last side effect was his appetite was suppressed.  He has been off the medication for 5 days and I have my kid back."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 8 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD nearly 1 year ago. We tried 4 different medications - 2 gave him side effects of not being able to sleep AND a high anxiety.  2 did nothing for him.  Then we tried Metadate CD. We started with 10 mg, which didn't really do anything. 20mg was better, but still some issues in the attention area.  We are now at 30 mg, and it's great. His teacher has also said that school is much better. He makes sense in his answers, he's not blurting out or disrupting the class.  We give it to him at 6:45 am, and can get through a bit of homework until 5:30pm.  Then it's worn off. I think that's a great amount of time and NO side effects of lack of sleep, lack of appetite, or mood/anxiety issues.  I hope it continues."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I've been taking Vyvanse for about 2 years. It DOES help me concentrate in school, but the concentration comes at a cost. I feel zombie-fied and extremely anxious, even jittery at times but I don't feel hyper. Vyvanse also makes me feel really cold all the time."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have Primarily Inattentive ADHD and recently was diagnosed at 39 years old. I was on Amphetamine salts IR 10 mg 2x's a day as needed at 1st, which worked ok, but gave me some side effects I didn't appreciate, such as peeing so much it kept me awake at night. Also it worked inconsistently per day and sometimes per hour. It gave me blurred vision. So I was switched to 20 mg amphetamine salts xr which is much easier on my system. I don't have the urinary issues and it works a bit more consistently, though I don't get the "zeroed in" focus that I got with the IR and I still get some blurred vision, but no issues that cause it. Also, with both I have mildly decreased appetite, which is fine since I'm overweight and also a very dry mouth."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm a 20 year old college student and I've been on Vyvanse 30 mg for a year and a half. When I first started taking Vyvanse it was amazing but it's effects have become very mild at this point. I probably need to get my doctor to bump up my dose. If I take a week off or don't take it as frequently I get much better results. Overall, I feel in complete control when I take it and my confidence is very high. However, sometimes when I'm on it I experience feelings of extreme worry about the future; these feelings are always very brief though and don't infringe on my well-being at all."
Review of Vyvanse: "I was prescribed Vyvanse to combat daily fatigue caused by autonomic dysfunction. It treats those symptoms very well, but prolonged use has a large impact on my mood and personality. By the 2nd week, I was feeling very sad all day every day. A strange side effect that I encountered was that it made my armpits quite literally drip with sweat. The only other bothersome side effect is that it initially kept me up until 5/6 am, but that was remedied with 0.1mg Clonidine before I went to bed. I'm sure this medicine works very well for those with ADD and ADHD, as that is what it is designed for. If you are looking for a solution to chronic fatigue caused by autonomic dysfunction, you may want to consider other options."
Review of Bupropion: "started on Wellbutrin XL 150 ER once a day for a week before being bumped to 300mg. Day 1: felt like I was walking in a dream state, also felt like my soultimate was being pulled through the front of my body by a magnet. Strange but kinda cool. Day 2: woke up after 6 hours refreshed with energy. first time in over 7 months this happened, and has continued to happen every day. Much more focused mentally, much calmer. Day 3-7: same as day 2. Day 8: Bumped to 300mgs, felt supercharged, back to the dreamlike state, no magnet pulling at my should this time, extremely focused, libido through the roof which was nice surprise too, appetite suppressed a bit, I'm a bodybuilder so that's not good for me but can eat as much with a bit of effort."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My daughter was diagnosed with ADD about 2 years ago and has been on this medicine ever since. I truly feel this has been our "miracle" drug for her. She never had behavior issues, she just couldn't focus at home or school. Since starting this medicine, her grades have come up and she is able to focus on anything she wants to. We had to struggle with headaches in the beginning, but now she is fine. We also have the no appetite issue with her, so she drinks PediaSure for that. Thank you Metadate for helping my child."
Review of Aptensio XR: "For three years we have tried so many meds to control my daughter's ADHD. None worked or it would work for a month and stop. This was our miracle drug. She had no side affects. It's been a long three years and we finally have normalcy in our lives. It's a 12 hours release as well, unlike the others at 8 hours."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 47 years old never did good in school but managed. My wife has been saying I am ADD and spoke to my doctor about it so after a few months of office visits, I go monthly he said he's been watching my responses and wrote me Vyvanse 30mgs. All I can say is WOW finally everything makes sense I get things done no late afternoon crash its fantastic !! I have social anxiety very bad and this miracle drug took it all away !! I'm on my second month and higher dose just to 40mgs and its perfect !! I actually hugged my doctor on the following visit and thanked him for finally turning my light switch on ! I can't say enough about this miracle drug Vyvanse !! Now I can look forward to a new day instead of dreading having to get out of bed !"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "A good generic."
Review of Focalin: "My 10 year old daughter had her doctors appointment on Friday. She started Focalin 5mg on Saturday. Last might, Sunday, she was complaining of stomach pains. And again before school this morning. I gave her some tums and cereal, and I'm hoping for the best. The doctor said that the stomach pains will subside in about a week. She's not really "zombied", but it seems as though there's a lot less talking. She's not ADHD, just ADD. I am worrying very much. I hope that the Focalin equals out in her system soon."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 5 year old son has severe ADHD and started on this patch 4 months ago. Although it really does what it says, it leaves him with severe rashes, and muscle tenderness. I am looking into alternatives now."
Review of Atomoxetine: "People bad talk this stuff but it has helped me immensely with attention span, focus, socializing, depression, and my executive function overall. Helped almost immediately for me. Very few side effects. Good stuff"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Worked perfectly for the first week (10mg), my mind was completely clear and I felt almost no anxiety whatsoever. Second week(20mg) started feeling suicidal, worst i've ever felt in my entire life. Parents thought it was out of character, I couldn't stop crying- worst emotional pain i've ever felt (I've never felt like that before). Was convinced it wasn't the medication, but felt better as soon as I stopped taking it. If you're feeling this way while being on it, it's probably the medication... I was convinced that it wasn't until I started seeing that a couple other people had similar reactions. 19/female"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was first diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 6. My parents at the time decided against treating my illness with any form of medication. This was in the mid-90s during a time where ADHD and ADHD medications were very controversial. This led to self-medicating with prescription opioids throughout my teens and early twenties. It wasn't until several psychiatrists continued to stress the importance of treating my ADHD that I finally decided to try the Adderall. And I can proudly say that it changed my life and saved me from a serious drug addiction. I'm now in my third year of school studying psychopharmacology. Thank you Adderall."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 8 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD when he started Kindergarten. It was horrible. His doctor put him on Focalin XR. It worked pretty good, it definitely calmed him down and helped him concentrate in class. But after a while I noticed his appetite decreased immensely and he started losing weight. So in April of 08` his doctor switched him to Vyvanse and it is amazing. His appetite is normal, he's doing very well in school, and he's making lots of friends. Our lives have changed for the better thanks to Vyvanse."
Review of Amphetamine: "I am so thrown off at how many positive reviews I have seen on this stuff, however I must have an insane Ph balance (causes amphetamines to become ineffective), but I do not see how it is possible to take the highest dose they provide and not even feel nothing... like I have not taken anything at all.... The other night I got so tired that I fell asleep without warning!"
Review of Vyvanse: "I was told by psychologist I scored highest she has ever seen for adhd and doctor put me on 30mg and it does nothing.  I don't want an increased dose of this med i want something else.  Waste of my time."
Review of Strattera: "I was 20 when I started staking Strattera. As far as focusing yes, I was completely focused and motivated all day! If I was sitting still I would have to pull out my phone and play a game to keep my mind moving. However the side effects were absolutely terrible! I was constantly sweating and if I wasn't sweating I had chills! I began suffering from insomnia. I have constant dry mouth and headaches. The worst side effect by far was what it did to my menstrual cycle. It gave me a EXTREMELY heavy and very crampy cycle. It also made my very regular cycle completely irregular. The side effects made it not worth it at all."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been taking concerta for close to 15 years now since I was diagnosed at age 3. Around 8th grade I had started getting pain in my chest which was similar to costo condritis. The pain got increasingly worse up through highschool and the beginning of college around age 18 when it stopped affecting me as much. Now I'm 21 years old (as of the 12th this month) and for the past years I've been noticing that I've been getting increasingly anxious and worrying more than usual. In the past 5years on a daily 63 mg dose I've been dealing with depression, anxiety, nightmares, insomnia, loss of appetite, and I've lost 30lbs due to that. It's effective, but at a price, sometimes one you can't afford."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 13 yr old son was put on Vyvanse for his ADHD and started at 20mg, 30mg and for the last two weeks has been on 40mg.  He's had the usual not much of an appetite, and of sleeping patterns.  However I've noticed in the last two weeks a drastic behaviour change in him where he is extremely emotional, very anxious, feeling like everyone hates him, depressed and wanting to hurt himself.  His pediatrician advised me to stop this medication .  "
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 19 and had taken Concerta successfully since I was 14, but being in college I needed a medication that would last for longer than Concerta did. My symptoms have never been very bad, but definitely affected my work. My psychiatrist suggested Vyvanse, but it was hell. It worked about the same as Concerta, but it would wear off after about 6 hours, and I would collapse on the floor sobbing. Every night I would become extremely suicidal and angry, and after just a two weeks my relationships with everyone was at a breaking point. I went back to Concerta, and now take a small dose of Ritalin when it wears off. So much better."
Review of Bupropion: "I absolutely loved this medication.  Within a few short weeks, for the first time ever I was able to complete tasks I never thought I'd finish.  In one day I excitedly completed 6 projects that had been sitting around unfinished for months.  Sadly for me, I got a horrible rash and realized I was allergic to it.  I've tried a few other medications, but for me, nothing's ever come close to being as effective."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a male and 42 yrs old. I am an ASM in retail and a husband and father of four kids. The doctor prescribed 30 mgs the first two months and upped the meds to 40 mgs. I have only been on them for 5 months. I have seen and felt a huge change in my life style. I am more focused at home and especially at work. I am Mr. Mom and won't stop cleaning at home. I even cut and edge my neighbor's front yard. I lost 10 lbs and now weigh 197.  I do feel myself get upset faster though. Because I feel that, I also stop and calm myself down. So far I have no complaints....yet."
Review of Strattera: "Hey, I'm a 20 y/o Medical Assistant (Internal Medicine), After being on Strattera for about 2 months, and even though I complain about my pts not battling through side affects to achieve benefit, I as well, failed to reach the finish line. I Re-Starting Strattera 4 months later, I think I finally figured out why this medicine is so difficult for me. I have come to realize that this medication is relatively a "Shock Collar" more or less. Strattera doesn't actually "Help" my symptoms but yet, "Shocks me" (Punishes me) when my symptoms show through. Every time I get distracted, or overly excited, start mono-logging thoughts in my head, etc. the side affects flare up. I dont know if this is true for everyone, but it is what i have noticed."
Review of Daytrana: "My 8 year old son has been on Daytrana for approximately 6 months and I have to say of all the ADHD medicines out there this is the best. We have tried almost every ADHD medicine out there and nothing lasted as long as it was supposed to or had no effect whatsoever. The only problem with the patch is its sticking. It never seems to stick and in the summer I had to find something waterproof to put over it."
Review of Concerta: "This medication has made a huge improvement for my son. He is doing better in school and has NO SIDE EFFECTS, which is a major plus to me. No mood swings, fits of rage, or emotional melt downs. I would recommend trying this medication to anyone."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD last week he has always been super hyper, climbs on furniture, spins, sticks tongue out and can't look anyone in the eyes without fidgeting around. I didn't want to believe it but when my parents and my grandparents, also the dentist asked about him...I knew things were getting worse. He was seen by 3 specialists in NH and was given 5mg of Ritalin 1/2 morning 1/2 afternoon, he has already had a profound change in his behavior. He doesn't stick his tongue out of his mouth at all and makes crazy noises, he can sit calmly now and concentrate, he actually played with some of his toy which he didn't really do before, only con so far..after 4 hours he has aggressive behavior and crying over nothing. Just started maybe that's why."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My 9 year old son has been on various medicines for ADHD since he was 6. We just switched to Focalin 10 mg about 2 weeks ago. We are noticing that by about 1:00 in the afternoon it is completely out of his system and there is no focus. We are going to try a booster dose of 5 mg in the afternoon. I'm going to talk to our doctor about lowering his morning dose because he feels shaky and tired, which I thought would have subsided by now. His focus is terrific but I wonder if we can get the same results by knocking down the dose a bit and adding the booster. Other than that, his sleep and eating habits are the same. Whew!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "I started taking Strattera in 8th grade when I had a low C in Maths. I haven't had anything under a B since and I am now a freshman in college. It definitely worked for me, helps me focus. When I don't take it I do notice a difference in how I'm feeling. I would recommend not taking it before bed, whenever I do I have nightmares and have trouble staying asleep."
Review of Vyvanse: "Been diagnosed with severe adhd as a child on all the generic medications ritalin aderall aderall xr. Decided to run my life without it and did well for a while til i became 25. As you get older adhd changes and involves more depression emotion and anger while still keeping your energy level and craziness. Vyvanse was prescribbed at a low dose and it is CLEARLY night and day on it.. Emotions are manageable and mind is clear.. One thought at a time. The lights in our mind do go out a tad. Its not so exciting in your own head anymore but you do gain a sense of control that is with ADHD dont even know exists. Some dry mouth and it will keep you up at night if you take it too late. But thats to be expected from amphetamines. Some loss of appeti"
Review of Concerta: "When I was about 13 the school psychologist who I was seeing for behavior problems suggested to my mother that I start taking Ritalin. I was hyperactive, could not focus, blurted things out, and was generally viewed as a weirdo by my peers. My mother refused to follow the psychologists advice because she "didn't want me on medicines". The same diagnosis and suggested treatment followed the next year and the year after by the Psychiatrist who I was referred to.Eventually I dropped out of school, somehow managed to get my GED and enroll in college. I decided a few years ago to see a doctor and he prescribed Concerta.I am now able to follow through on projects and not feel like a failure, frustrated all the time. It has really worked for me."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Daytrana really helped with my ADD, as it is a time release patch rather than a pill, and the pills don't usually keep me medicated long enough. I process them too fast. So the patches work great. Minimal skin irritation. However, it may have caused some kind of dependency issue. Because I now rely on the Daytrana to help me focus, I find it difficult to focus without it, to the point of being unmotivated and grumpy if I don't apply the patch. But nothing major."
Review of Ritalin: "COULD NOT STOP EATING! After taking Ritalin for about 1 month, I noticed a strong desire to snack. Just munch on anything; crackers, peanut butter, carrots. Whatever was around. It was like the constant munchies. Then the snacking turned into constant eating after another month. A constant desire to eat in order to feel good. It was as if I didn't feel well, and only eating would take the edge off. So about 2 months and 10 pounds later, I switched to Adderall. Why this made me eat like mad I'll never know..."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have been taking Straterra for 2 years now! Side effects are awful at the beginning and last 6-8 weeks! I feel normal now and I don't have the irratability I had on other medicines. I think it depends on the person."
Review of Ritalin: "Life saver"
Review of Dyanavel XR: "This medicine made me feel so tired and sluggish."
Review of Daytrana: "I was first put on the daytrana patch back in 2005 my freshmen year of highschool. I have been on and off it, due to me not needing it at some times. I am 25 years old now and still only need 20 mg patches. I have not had any issues with this medication aside from the fact that some of the backings on the patches won't come off sometimes. It can leave a sticky residue on my skin but nothing that bothers me. I just restarted this back up and have noticed a decrease in appetite.but once my levels get back to normal appetite also comes back. I highly reccomend to keep communicating with your dr about any thing that feels "off" to you. While on this medicine my grades have always come up from d's and c's to a's and b's."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I really want parents to take a good look at what they may be about to give their children before they do so. If dopamine deficient; Vyvanse will initially appear to be amazing. Until a "tolerance" is built up when it will leave a person feeling as low/moody and agitated as they ever have. Recent studies indicate that mood disorders may mask themselves as ADD/ADHD. If you or your child is experiencing any of the major or severe emotional side effects of this or other stimulants; please consider that it could be mood disorders brought on by a dopamine deficiency. This is what happened to me and because I was aware of the symptoms of dependency and mood disorder, I recognized it immediately."
Review of Concerta: "ADD/ADHD has always been an issue, sure - grades sucked, concentration lacked, motivation gone. But, when the doctor prescribed Concerta, that all changed. I felt a change and saw my grades and concentration get better and better. The appetite loss was a minor issue. I've always been a big eater with a super fast metabolism. When I was told I was a few pounds overweight, I was happy. The solution to the problem is to force yourself to eat. It's not a bad sacrifice if you see a positive difference in your performance. I'm 6"5', 17 years old, and 210 pounds. I'm skinny, sure, but I'm willing to sacrifice quite a bit so I can do better in school. :)"
Review of Intuniv: "Our 8 year old son started Intuniv the other day having been recently diagnosed with ADHD. His behavior during the day was definitely much less impulsive than ever, and he napped at 5pm (1mg administration at 9am). He awoke complaining of an upset tummy but ate dinner anyway. 2am & 5am vomiting. Poor kid. He doesn't know it's because of his new 'Vitamin'. Does the vomiting  go away? Is there a way to preempt the nausea? We gave him plenty of water and healthy snacks when he was hungry...not up for doing this to him if this pattern sustains."
Review of Adderall XR: "For symptoms of ADHD (impulsivity, inability to sit still/restlessness, and inability to focus on a task at hand), I give this medication a 10/10. That said, I have Tourette Syndrome, and would caution ANYONE with Tourette Syndrome to stay away from stimulant medications, because they seem to exacerbate existing tics quite aggressively (I have tried 10-40 mg methylphenidate [RITALIN] and 20mg ADDERALL XR). I gave it a 10 based on it's effectiveness for ADHD, but factoring in the aggravation this medicine causes to tics, I would give a 5/10. I have a "good" United Health Care plan, and they would ONLY cover the brand name; even with insurance, the co-pay for a 30-day supply was $35.00."
Review of Concerta: "I am a nineteen year old woman taking Concerta for ADD. It really helps me. I can focus a lot better and I feel a lot more relaxed. My boyfriend and I went from fighting every single day to not fighting at all. It has absolutely worked wonders for me. The only side effects I have had is no appetite and I have lost six pounds in less than a week which I am not complaining about since I am five foot three and weighed 155 pounds beforehand. I have also experienced a terribly dry mouth but my doctor said it should go away when I start my second dose. Overall, I love it and I would recommend it to anyone!"
Review of Guanfacine: "My son has been taking this for about 2 years and it has helped to decrease his hyperactivity. He had very adverse reactions to stimulant type medications."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was diagnosed with ADD about 5 years ago; a year later, I started taking a Concerta for 2-3 months; it gave me headaches and didn't help. Hearing good things about Adderall I tried it and wow it was like magic. I felt awesome, I could actually think and focus, and everything was great with not-so-terrible side-effects. The thing with Adderall for me was that I constantly had to change doses (I tried XR 10, 20, 30 and reg 5,10). I jumped all over the spectrum, because my biggest side effect was it affected my sleep and I was soon diagnosed with moderate obstructive sleep apnea; may not be correlated but it exploited this problem. After roughly 3.5 years the side-effects have increased and it doesn't help much. Looking into Desoxyn and Dexedrine."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My nine year old son was put on this for impulsivity, lack of ability to pay attention and retain things at school, and to help the "spazzy" moments. At first he was a walking zombie so we gave it at night. Eventually he was able to switch to taking it in the morning as his body got used to it. But still he would crash as soon as he got home from school. He says the medicine makes it hard for him to sleep in anymore even though he's tired. He is less spazzy and can pay attention better. But I don't know what to do about the emotional roller coaster we get from him being so tired from it towards the late afternoon or evenings. He just seems too sedated. I want him to be able to focus. But not be blah. It seems like it took his happiness."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "After trying Ritalin, Concerta, Adderall. This medicine changed everything. I am organized and focused for first time in my life, I'm 38. Only draw back is it last about 6 hours for me not 12. But 6 productive hours, actually finishing things is better than I've ever had!"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My 10 yr old son was diagnosed with ADHD 4 years ago. He has been taking Focalin 10mg for 2.5 years and it has been wonderful for him. He has steady good grades and his focus improved greatly. He only takes this during school days, not during weekends nor during the summer months. He understands it helps him even at 10 yrs. It is important, at least for our family, to ensure he's part of the treatment plan and feel in control of this as well. Also, my son communicates with us on how it makes him feel and the only worry I have when he's taking this is his loss of appetite or not eating enough. So we always have a good breakfast before school starts and he takes the pill on his own (of course I watch from a distance."
Review of Amphetamine: "Love this med to help me stay awake to study."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall is effective, but it comes with consequences. Both to your physical and mental health. I am 27 years old, I have taken Adderall on and off for about 10 years. Started it my freshman year of college. It was AMAZING at first! Lost that freshman 15, got straight A's, actually ENJOYED my work. Then I started noticing the crash symptoms. Tired, withdrawn, emotionless, sleepless. I stopped taking it because I hated the way it made me feel, but I realized how much more productive I am when taking it. When I start taking it again my immune system is shot, I'm constantly sick with something, I get super irritable. When I don't take it I can barely get out of bed and I always gain weight, which always sucks. It's a vicious cycle."
Review of Strattera: "My son who is 12 has been on this medication now for about 6 months. 40 mg a day. It does absolutely nothing for him. The Dr tried upping his dose to 50mg and he started having major mood swings, anxiety and depression. Ritalin, Concerta, Vyvanse we have tried those too but the side effects were too much for him to handle. I'm at a loss what to do now. No more meds I guess?"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 21 year old male diagnosed with ADD around 4 years ago. About a while back I was prescribed to 50mg of Vyvanse. So far its effects have been very positive. In the past, I have been on Strattera and Adderall. The eupohric feeling Adderall produces brings a high potential for abuse and dependence, along with extreme mood changes and irratability. With Vyvanse, the urge for more does not exist. It is consistent throughout most of the day and delivers concentration and a sense of confidence and well-being. I've had slightly decreased appetite, but am much more productive and focused. I feel that I have gotten my life back. It is the best ADD medicine I have been on. Highly recommended."
Review of Focalin: "My daughter (6 years old) has been on Focalin for 30 days now, to control her ADHD.  This is our wonder drug. Gives her the control she needs, without making her have ups and downs.  She hasn't experienced any problems with sleep, and we can see the medicine leave her after about 6 hours."
Review of Concerta: "This drug works. I'm a senior at high school and ever since I was in Elementary School I have had grades ranging from D-F.All through school I had problems paying attention and in recent years (9th grade) I was put on concerta and I have had nothing but good grades and teachers were amazed at how good I'm doing now. THANKS CONCERTA."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 9 yr old son started taking Concerta 3 weeks ago after years of struggling with ADHD. We've done therapy (CBT), educational assistance, behavioral plans. His issue is related to impulsive reactions, emotional liability - rather than hyperactivity - while he had always been able to do his work well and finish tasks - he was often tantrumy, would lash out at peers if he didn't get his way or become so overwhelmed emotionally that he would not be able to process the situation rationally.  ALL of the behavioral issues have ceased."
Review of Strattera: "I am a 25 yr old female with ADHD And bipolar disorder. My doctor started me on Strattera a little over a month ago and it works great. I was having a hard time constraining in class (I'm a college student) and it really helps me focus. The only down side is the occasional nausea but I found if I take it on an empty stomach the nausea isn't so bad. I would suggest this medicine."
Review of Ritalin: "Helped me a lot. Been using it for 8 months and now I'm on a 20 mg 2 times a day. I never had the power to just sit still and stay on one task. Now I'm able to actually sit down and focus on one task. I'm 16 and was diagnosed at 15. Ritalin doesn't last long enough though which is the only down side. Only lasts for 3 hours but it's good because you could get your appetite back. No side effects just a little nervous at times and head aches which are rare. Also suppressed appetite the first hour you take it."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall in my opinion is a "Miracle"! I am prescribed the (IR) 30mg strength, three times a day. Adderall I feel has significantly improved my quality of life."
Review of Focalin: "At first it was extremely helpful but after the first year or so of extended use, the effects begin to diminish. Not dramatically but enough to be noticed."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "After 37 years of knowing something wasn't right with my brain, I was diagnosed with ADHD, Inattentive Type in grad school and was prescribed Adderall. Where do I start??? This medication literally changed my life. Imagine being a "gifted" kid who eventually could barely pass middle school math - that's me. After a lifetime of compensating for my "slow processing," hiding my disorganization, and pretending to be on the same page with everyone else, this explains everything. Adderall has made a NIGHT AND DAY difference in my motivation level, what I understand and follow, and even my mood/emotional reactivity. In a word, amazing. If I ever meet the people who "discovered" Adderall, I'm kissing them - my husband agrees."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Like Adderall without an increased heart rate and increased blood pressure.  Also less "edgy"."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "My 9 years old nephew took this for a while. It helped with focus, but made him extremely angry and argumentative. Also, he refused to sleep at night unless he was in the same room as his grandmother. He has tried multiple medications but so far all gave some negative side effect or lose effectiveness soon after he starts taking it."
Review of Intuniv: "My son was given Intuniv on October 8th of this year. He was on it for eleven days when he started having really bad uncomfortable full body ticks. I stopped the medicines Sunday night it's now Wednesday and he's still having ticks.  Dr says it will wear off but as a parents it's very scary."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I feel like Im being a little generous by giving Vyvanse a 3 because it does work to some degree, but I have very unpleasant side effects from it. My doctor finally switched me to generic Adderall IR-thank God-and its fantastic. I must be abnormal with how I digest Vyvanse or something because I find it far more potent, and not in a good way. It gives me serious dry mouth, diahrrea, anxiety, excessive sweating, and depression. The effect was different almost everyday: some days were okay, a lot were terrible, and a few were good. It muted most of my emotions except a general sense of discomfort. But I could focus when it didnt make me depressed. On the hand, Adderall IR is a cake walk and I feel great in general."
Review of Wellbutrin: "Been on it for almost 2 weeks. Feels like nothings getting better. Used to be a caffeine addict stopped that, but now I have insomnia from this. Still have trouble waking up, getting motivated. My heart races and this puts me in a careless and out of it mood and want to try something else."
Review of Vyvanse: "40mg Vyvanse kept me awake all day, however, from the moment I took the 30mg dose I could stay awake and focused for 12 hours strait and still sleep at night. If I had this medicine in High School my life today would be 100% different. I would have excelled in academics and done much better sports. "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 5 and have been on Ritalin and Adderall throughout my entire life since then.  I know long time.  I was switched to Vyvanse and this is my first day taking it and I like it so far.  I wouldn't call it a "miracle drug" for me because I have extreme ADHD but it is a lot smoother than Adderall XR I was taking prior.  I also feel more emotionally stable and have more confidence. I also take another 10 mg of Adderall around noon and another 20mg.  We will see how this medicine holds up to all this good stuff.  I am hoping forever since I will never be able to get off a stimulant medication.  But remember, if you have been on stimulants for awhile and do not take them, you will feel EXTREMELY tired and sleep all day."
Review of Intuniv: "I notice that my daughter was having problems in fifth grade would not sit still and would always be getting up to throw paper out and would know who was the last one that went to the restroom.  I spoke to the teacher and told them to please evaluate my daughter cause it seems like she has ADHD. They said she was fine. When I started to see her grades they were dropping. I immediately took her to Miami Children's Hospital to the neurologist and they tested her, filled out some papers and yes she was has ADHD.  I've tried Concerta, Strattera, Vyvanse and Adderall but the best medicine that has worked for my daughter is Intuniv!  She had all F's and now 15 years old and first year of high school she has all A's and B's. Thank you Intuniv!!!"
Review of Strattera: "45 year old woman, 138lbs 5'7".Started at 25mg and titrated slowly. Noticed within a week my stress responses improved. Continued to increase as no change to organisation, memory or attention. Felt ok even at 100mg. Then since I started 120mg, I feel quite unwell. I don't think I'm unable to sustain this dose as side effects are strong: nausea after 1hr of ingestion, tiredness, feeling as though I've had too much strong coffee. The S/E definitely more pronounced if I'm not doing anything so I try and stay active and never take this on an empty stomach! I'll give it 2 more weeks at 120mg (which will be 6 weeks total) then gently titrate down. It gives me palpitations, too, which make me unhappy. I get this free on NHS in UK."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I had been taking vyvanse for a little of a month now for adhd and binge eating. it has worked well so far. I'm able to concentrate and have a little more energy. I felt no side effects at all,and I'm one who is scared to take a vitamin. I was on topamax for binge eating and it was the worse experience in the 37 years of my existence. I had already managed to loose a little weight on this so far."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall (amphetamine and dextroamphetamine) immediate release has greatly (95%) improved my symptoms of ADHD including concentration, focus, memory, attention span, retention of imformation, and to some extent my energy and grades. It's a very strong stimulant so it does have temporary side effects, most will go away in two-four weeks like euphoria, anxiety, and teeth grinding but the dry mouth and insomnia if taken late will not subside for months, but it has helped me A LOT."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was put on Ritalin when I was 6. I did not like it. I took myself off of it when I was 14. My grades plummeted, I developed depression, and then anxiety. I continued to become lethargic, and relied heavily on caffeine. I am now 25. I began to take Adderall recently due to severe trouble concentrating at work, thinking it may help me keep my job. Now that my body seems to be used to the medication I can hardly tell I'm on it. I have noticed improved memory, focus, and concentration. I did have some very adverse side effects accidentally combining with caffeine. I've found now that my body has adjusted I have no side effects and my concentration remains improved, and bonus, no depression. I do worry about cessation."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I've only had the brand name for a few days in a hospital, and it worked well with relatively no side effects. My doctor prescribed it after I got out, not knowing there was a generic. I was given the generic and it wasn't even close to the brand. I rarely get headaches, and I had a blinding one in my temples for 2.5 days. Brand name good/generic evil."
Review of Concerta: "Concerta has helped me tremendously in school. My grades skyrocketed after only one semester of use. The first day, when I was on 18mg, I could already feel the effect. Now, I only take concerta (27mg) on school days and other days which I know are going to be exhausting. Even on the days I don't take it, I feel happier than before. Concerta  gives me motivation so I can actually live, which makes my motivation stick around. I can now socialise without feeling like my energy has been sucked out of me after one conversation. I can now do my homework and chores. I do things in my free time, instead of crashing in bed after a day of school.Though my appetite changed, and I lost a lot of weight, I have a lot to thank concerta for."
Review of Adderall XR: "This medication has totally changed my like for the better 100%. My life before Adderall was a huge mess and full of incomplete tasks and lots of trouble with work. Now my life is finally together and on track and almost everything I start also gets finished and pretty much right away. My daughter also is on this medication and she went from a D and F average in school to the A,B honor roll and doesn't have any more problems in school. This medicine was a life savior for the both of us... MOTHER AND DAUGHTER!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have to give Vyvanse a solid 10. I asked my Dr to switch me from Adderall instant release 20mg 2x a day to Vyvanse and in my honest opinion this was the best decision I made. Vyvanse helps me focus, more motivation, feels more subtle which I absolutely love. Adderall for some reason made me feel like a different person, but with vyvanse I feel like myself still which is great. It is really long lasting, I don't know or understand how people say it only last for a few hours when in my experience it last a good 12-13 hrs. In fact I heard people say it loses potency after 4 hours or so but in my experience I think it actually increases. But this is just my experience, and maybe metabolism aswell but anyway I hope this is helpful for others."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 29 and was just given Vyvanse for ADD. Always knew I had it, but was to embarrassed to actually do anything about it. After taking this medication for the last week, it was really a huge mistake to wait. It has fixed my memory, my focus, my social anxiety, can go places and don't want to leave right away. I am sure things can still turn but it has been the best week of my life that I can remember. If I can get past the side effects, dry mouth, stomach pain, little trouble sleeping (all worth it for me) I'll be good. Now I just hope it can fix my spelling soon."
Review of Concerta: "I've been taking Concerta since 2003. For me it's the only ADHD medication that works. It calms me down, I talk at a speed others can understand and my thoughts don't run off. The side effects I get from it are .loss of appetite(growing up I was underweight for this reason) . Trouble sleeping(I ended up needing a medication for this but am currently not on one) .Dry mouth (drink lots of water).... I have also been diagnosed with major depression and bipolar after years of taking Concerta (diagnosed in 2007 and 2013 respectively (both are genetic in my family)). Drugs effect each person differently. If you decide to take Concerta I would suggest keeping track of you side effect and how often they occur and talk to you M.D or N.P."
Review of Atomoxetine: "This medication has worked great for my son!  Family history of ADHD and possibly bi-polar.  Recently noticed my son has been talking in his sleep.  Nothing to worry about but just an obvious side effect.  2nd week in on 18 mg.  This is the 2nd time we have tried the Strattera and it seems to be a very effective medication for focus and concentration, helping the anxiety and frustrations.  He also has quite a long list of differences like dyslexia, ADHD and dyspraxia which contribute to a slight depression.  The Strattera seems to help with everything including the impulsivity.  Depression seems to fade and life goes on.  Just wanted to make note for anyone that may be interested or taking this medication that talking in sleep is a side effect."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I found out about 5 years ago I had a sleeping disorder. I would fall asleep driven seating at Red lights and even at work. I never wanted to do anything but sleep. But now my Dr. Has me on Methylphenidate er 24 hr 40mg. Once a day and also ritilin 20mgs once a day. And now I can drive and work and not be scared to fall asleep. So now I can get on with my life and do things with my wife and sons and not want to sleep. It has changed my life for the best."
Review of Metadate CD: "My 4 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD and we began the journey to find what would help.  We have tried many medications but due to his young age and small size it was hard to find anything that did not come with bad side effects. We tried Metadate 10 mg and he did REALLY well during the day but at 2 it would wear off and we were in for a rough night, the doctor tried Methylin 5 mg, but that just kept him up all night, so we started giving 10 mg of Metadate in the A.M. and a 2nd dose of 10mg at noon. It was like finding the holy grail of medicine. My son is now a funny, loving, calm little boy who the entire family (including our poor dog) loves to be around."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Started Strattera treatment two months ago and it has been amazing. I can focus like a normal person (25 years old, 82 kg), without the need of glancing at my phone every two minutes. I could even listen to people and not having the need of interrupting them as always. I had some side effects (dry mouth, if I wake up too fast I get dizzy, difficulties to pee sometimes, sometimes erections are difficult to keep) but I can live with them since they not always happen. I can have orgasms like normal and I sleep like a baby since I take it. Everything went better but honestly, like every drug for ADHD, it's better to make short pauses to evaluate whether you need to change or suspend the treatment. I really recommend it."
Review of Vyvanse: "I been taking Vyvanse a little over 2 yrs. This is the only medicine I have taken for ADHD. As of this posting I have been off it 3 days. The first 18 months I thought Vyvanse was the best thing sense sliced bread. The last 6  mths have been an emotional roller coaster of side effects. I have spent hours on the floor crying, my social life is none, I didn't talk to anyone but the people at work that I couldn't avoid, my husband wants a divorce and nothing made me happy, I was sad and depressed all the time. Please be careful taking this medicine. I don't think it was meant for long term use or maybe it just affects different people in different ways. After 3 days in bed I'm finally getting back to normal."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Since I started taking 15mg of Adderall XR about 2 weeks ago I feel like it's changing my life for the better. I can't say it is having a huge impact on me but I can definitely notice a difference when I'm on it as opposed to when I'm not. My concentration has definitely improved. I can stay on the same thought pattern a lot easier and also follow through with the task at hand. I feel more aggressive towards events that happen it definitely gives me a different outlook.The only symptoms that I am getting with Adderall XR is a loss of appetite. It's really strange how I went from having a huge appetite to just not even thinking about eating or making it a priority. I don't like it but it saves me a bit of money."
Review of Strattera: "40 yr old male newly diagnosed first time to take ADD meds. Small dose definitely gave focus, but mind was racing at night. Bad sleep, woke up many times, clock seems to tick very slow. Noticeable side effects included:  decreased urine flow, ED, shrinkage and semen leakage prior to climax. Got up to 40mg and quit."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Been on Strattera for 3 months and can't wait to get off it! It had helped my concentration to an okay extent but I'm having bizarre side effects such as leaking semen followed by testicular pain, paranoia, weird thoughts, anxiety and slight tics.Not recommended for long term use!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Though told stories by family how ACTIVE I have always been, despite its' negative tone, I always thought "ACTIVE" was positive. Now 44 with 2 children, a husband, my 5 year old was diagnosed with ADHD. With her diagnosis, came mine. I take 40mg of Vyvanse in the morning and it allows me to focus in the way I have always strived to. With it, I achieve my goals more comfortably, but I make sure I eat before taking it, drink a lot of water and try to exercise. It is not a magic pill and it is still essential to use the coping strategies I developed from years of having to cope on my own. My only concern is my heart and blood pressure. Overall, this is a solid, good medication that allows for a more balanced life."
Review of Adderall XR: "Adderall XR has been amazing for me. I was diagnosed with ADHD at age 5, and was on and off of stimulants since original diagnosis. As a kid I would go through bouts of taking it and bouts of pretending to take it. I tried to be unmedicated as an adult, but that only produced anxiety, likely due to my naturally occurring rapid thought processing and tendency to fail to complete projects (distracted by new thoughts). My quality of life is significantly better when I take Adderall and I see no shame to be had in that. I experience dry mouth fairly often, but overall it is amazing and totally worth it. I am however nervous about facing pregnancy without it, as well as breast feeding. This medicine really makes a difference in my life."
Review of Strattera: "It works wonders. I like it."
Review of Vyvanse: "First, THANKS ALL OF YOU folks sharing. This is very informative. We are all trying to find something that works. My son, age 10, 5th grade, has been ADHD and negative overall for yrs.  Finally tried Vivance 20mg. Big help month 1. More talkative, able to focus, get things done.  Said it wore off or he got used to it by month 2 so uppedd dose to 30mg.Same thing, except after school a lot more sensitive emotionally.  He said he didn't see much difference after a few weeks so we upped dose to 40mg on month 4.   Still sensitive after school, no appetite, complained that he was grinding his teeth all day , thirsty all the time and dry skin then one day suddenly his wrists and web between thumb and finger broke into red purple DEEP DRY RASH. Stopped it"
Review of Strattera: "Had no side effects while on this medication.  My new insurance would not cover it so I was unable to afford it."
Review of Methylin: "Very effective on ADD. Obviously, helps focus and concentration. One problem, great benefit is that if you have bipolar and depression is helps motivate you and give some of your ambition and great energy levels back! I have noticed that if not on an extended release form and you have long days like I do you notice that the effectiveness only lasts about 3 to 3 1/2 hours."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I took it for ADD. Too many side effects. Discontinued after 13 days."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 29 and was just given Vyvanse for ADD. Always knew I had it, but was to embarrassed to actually do anything about it. After taking this medication for the last week, it was really a huge mistake to wait. It has fixed my memory, my focus, my social anxiety, can go places and don't want to leave right away. I am sure things can still turn but it has been the best week of my life that I can remember. If I can get past the side effects, dry mouth, stomach pain, little trouble sleeping (all worth it for me) I'll be good. Now I just hope it can fix my spelling soon."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 6 year old has been on Vyvanse for 3 years. There are times that I have not had any medicines to give him and the teacher says its like a whole other kid. Without him being on Vyvanse I was at the school all the time and my grades were dropping. I did not want him on medicines at first but I am so happy that I decided to. He is still my little Buge and not a hot mess. Such a joy and thanks to Vyvanse I have my son back."
Review of Concerta: "My 9 yr old son started taking Concerta 3 weeks ago after years of struggling with ADHD. We've done therapy (CBT), educational assistance, behavioral plans. His issue is related to impulsive reactions, emotional liability - rather than hyperactivity - while he had always been able to do his work well and finish tasks - he was often tantrumy, would lash out at peers if he didn't get his way or become so overwhelmed emotionally that he would not be able to process the situation rationally.  ALL of the behavioral issues have ceased."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This medicine is amazing. I took it about 5 hours ago and still going strong."
Review of Adderall: "I suffer from ADD.  I take 30mg twice a day. It works very well for me, however sometimes I get wicked headaches in my frontal/temple areas which I am sure is a side effect of the Adderall. I am going to see my Doctor in a week and talk this over with him.  I also notice that sometimes I feel really sleepy after I take a dose. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "For three years we have tried so many meds to control my daughter's ADHD. None worked or it would work for a month and stop. This was our miracle drug. She had no side affects. It's been a long three years and we finally have normalcy in our lives. It's a 12 hours release as well, unlike the others at 8 hours."
Review of Vyvanse: "Love this medicine! Tried all the others, Vyvanse definitely works the best. I stay on task, focused, more organized and been moving up in my field. 29 yr old female, 30mg dose. The only negative is if I don't take it for a day or 2 on the weekends then start again is at first it makes me real jittery and makes me go to the bathroom until my bowels are essentially cleaned out, but that's really not a bad thing. Also I love the way it curbs my appetite and keeps me around 115 lbs without even trying(I'm 5'3"). A very pleasant side effect!! I was on 70 mg a couple years ago but I was getting a little too skinny(stable around 106-108 lbs), so decreased the dosage."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 23 and have tried just about every ADHD medication out there. I've been on Vyvanse for some time now and it's great! I have energy, I can focus at work and school. It lasts the entire day and then some. The only drawback is you won't eat. You'll be hungry your stomach will growl but you can't eat. Sleeping is tough because it's a stimulant so I was put on sleep meds to help. You might have a jittery feeling and increased heart rate at first. It takes about an hour or so to kick in but it's a fantastic medicine. It's also very powerful. All you gotta do is NOT take it past 2pm at absolute LATEST or you'll lie awake forever in bed. Eat prior to ingesting because you won't eat later. It's great, try it!"
Review of Adderall: "I've taken Vyvanse extended release and Adderall extended release. I didn't like the mood swings and irritability I suffered when they would wear off.  My doctor has since put me on Adderall immediate release 30 milligram tablets twice a day. I've taken these tablets for 2 years now and love that I can focus and I am not having mood swings or irritable at all. I have experienced dry mouth and some jitters as well as trouble sleeping. I take Ambien to sleep and it is no longer an issue. I have to take a vitamin supplement due to a huge weight loss though. I was over weight when I started Adderall and now am at a healthy weight and maintaining that weight without issue."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Cons - suppresses appetite, and it sucks cause I'm already so thin! (Sz 4)Pros - increased attention, more social, and can think clearly, smoother movements.. thinking before speaking, calmer. I don't take it on weekends (job is relatively easier on weekends) and off days. ADHD (severe - combined type) I think those of you who are experiencing suicidal urges & depressive moods are more likely dealing with a much deeper issue."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "@Nishimaru2. I have the same problem your son does except mine is a bit...odd. If I'm not watching what I'm doing I'll find myself in the bathroom plucking facial hairs with tweezers. Weird, I know but only on Adderall."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I had bad reaction from Ritalin so I was given Strattera. Strattera gave me and still gives me a nauseous feeling, I always take it with food and after driving to avoid this side effect as much as possible. At times it gives me head aches and irritability due to me feeling off. It is very effective in controlling my hyperactivity. I am much more attentive. Its benefits out weigh its current side effects, I recommend talking to your doctor and to keep trying new medicines to find out what works best for you. I gave it a 6/10. Its expensive, $140ish"
Review of Vyvanse: "I was diagnosed with ADD and my doctor recommended me to take vyvanse 40mg. The first day I took it around 6:00 am and it started to work about an hour in. I was able to focus very well and was a lot more sociable. However, the good effects of the medicine only lasted for 5 hours and then everything went downhill and I felt depressed. My heart was beating faster than usual, dry mouth, and had no desire for food. The next day thinking it would be better, it didn't kick in until around 2:00pm and only lasted for a few hours. Sometimes it would leave me feeling very antisocial and aggitated. Today is my last day taking it because it hasn't worked for me at all today. Wasn't hungry all day, felt very sweaty, nervous, aggitated, out of breathe."
Review of Pemoline: "I took this medicine from the mid 70's until it was banned in the US in 2005. There is no other medicine like it that I have found. A very small dose each day kept me focused and improved my memory and mood. It never affected my appetite nor kept me awake at night and there was none of the emotional roller-coaster effect I find with every other medicine I have tried since."
Review of Strattera: "I first started 18 mg once a day, no noticeable change. Then increased to 40 mg once a day, at first I seemed to just be calm and zombie like with no change to my ADD. Then, 2-3 weeks later insomnia, paranoia, depression, rage, panic attacks, and severe anxiety consumed me so badly I couldn't leave my house. I feared for my safety and the safety of others so I stopped the drug immediately! I was having thoughts of violence toward others and myself, I am a 28 year old woman and was on no other medications and no other conditions besides ADD. I'd rather just deal with my ADD than all those scary feelings I've never had before."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I do like this medicine. I've been taking it for 2 months now. 18mg it has worked very good for me but I have lost my appetite. I think it is worth it. "
Review of Evekeo: "Evekeo has been great for the first Time I am doing a lot better in my school and I understand it better. When it comes off its smooth and I don't stay up all night . I use the discount for my prescription and my insurance card and it is not that expensive. But without all of that it definitely will be"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD at age 7, we tried adderall for a while, the patch, but he didn't like them. Finally we found Vyvanse. He is 10 years old now prescribed two 10mg pills/day but he takes only takes one in the morning because he was having side effects (lip licking, finger playing). This pill has seriously changed our life's, if you are a parent wondering whether or not to use medication JUST TRY IT. We used to sit for hours after school trying to get home work done. His teacher would tell me he is not completing work and distracting other students. He was falling behind in school and now he is caught up and receiving awards."
Review of Cylert: "Wish it was still available.  I miss being able to function like a 'normal' adult.  Dexedrine, Ritalin, Adderall, Concerta, Strattera, Wellbutrin - none of these worked.  some lessened appetite, some turned me into a zombie.  Cylert worked - yes some side effects, mainly tourettes-like, but in order to function normally?  I'll gladly cluck like a chicken randomly to concentrate (that was my side effect). Life without is  back to my reality - oh, look, a doorknob.  I wonder how it works?  I bet it's some sort of cam mechanism that operates via - oh, look, a wireless transceiver, I wonder if it is in the 2.4 Ghz spectrum or if it is -  oh look, a wireless mouse, I wonder if it operates via bluetooth or is on the same 2.4 Ghz spectrum as the - oh look......."
Review of Bupropion: "It takes the edge off my ADD without making me feel drugged. It also takes a few days to notice it's effect when you start taking it. Also, it keeps working a few days after you stop taking it."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I don't know why people do not keep records of their dose experience.  Just informal records  it doesn't  need to be a formal notebook or diary, a small piece of paper to see if there is a pattern.  Then make judgments."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "A client who is a psychiatrist recommended that I go in for testing. After 3 days of tests & my history the Dr. concluded I have suffered from ADHD most of my life & I've developed coping mechanisms to get me through but the untreated issue was contributing to my depression & social anxiety. Vyvanse is the most amazing thing to happen to my life, I feel normal for the first time ever! I'm productive, healthy, focused, active, and social. I had to stop taking it for a 1yr due to insurance issues & during that time I gained an unhealthy amount of weight, was depressed, binge eating, and completely lost. Since back on it, I've realized that it's not something I should be removed from my lifestyle if I want to remain happy and healthy."
Review of Focalin: "My 6.5 year old son has been taking this medicine for over a year.  A few months after taking it, we switched him to Ritalin but the Ritalin made his behavior crazy.  I don't have much to complain about this medicine.  Any ADHD medication is going to make your child zombie-like.  My son takes 10MG XR in the morning and I can literally see the switch in his personality in about 10 minutes.  He is supposed to take 5mg non extended release after school, however, I hardly give that to him anymore.  I sometimes break the 5mg pill in half and just have him take 2.5mg to focus on his homework, if I see him struggling.  We just had his medication reduced to 5MG in the morning, 2.5 after lunch and 2.5 later in the afternoon - waiting to see how this works out."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I take 10 mg generic Ritalin as needed. It gets me moving and I can focus a little better. I already have hair thinning and the doc warned me that this is a known side effect for some. However, I don't know if the Ritalin contributes to my hair loss or not. For me, I need to take it about 2 hours after breakfast for it to work. Then it lasts about 4 hours. I probably need a script to take this twice a day instead of once."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This is my 3rd month on Adderall.  I take two 30 mgs per day.  It's great for the first week that I get them filled, but after that, I don't get that "good" feeling that most people get the 1st time they take Adderall.  But, my grades are up, I have plenty of energy and I think they work well."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Has helped me focus and I have motivation to do work . But the crash sucks , unless you have Valium or xanax"
Review of Vyvanse: "I started taking this medicine about 2 years ago now. I am on the 40 mg dose and at first everything was great, my grades improved, I could focus in public. But now, my loss of appetite is crazy. I'm 13 and I only weigh 82 lbs. I become very short tempered with my friends and I get annoyed at the littlest things. It also brings my mood way down. When I'm on my medicine I feel depressed and anxious constantly. I still get my a's and b's in school but I don't think it's worth all the side affects."
Review of Strattera: "I had been on Strattera for 8 years. It did great but within last year things seemed to change. I thought it wasn't working due to my memory and concentration but now being off for about a month realize it was doing a lot. I am now having headaches lack of motivation loosing temper easily etc. My family and friends see a significant change in my behavior. (Negative change). Concentration and focus have always been an issue on and off medicine so I just have to work harder with it. Also realize it takes more than this medicine to really have success."
Review of Adderall: "I was unable to stay focused or complete daily tasks. After starting Adderall there has been a vast improvement. My life seems to be in order."
Review of Methylphenidate: "At the age of 10, my son's ADHD was needing medical help. He was put on Concerta18mg and was a little unwell for two weeks, with sick stomach, lackof appetite, and slightly listless. Made sure he ate breakfast before taking his tablet. He did look a little thin after about 1 year. We persevered with Concerta and life quickly improved until almost all ADHD problems had disappeared. Did not increase the initial drug dose. But after 18 months, he was becoming quiet and withdrawn. Decided to stop Concerta. Mild withdrawal symptoms for a week or so. We have never looked back. He is now 14, not on any medications and is a tall, healthy, teenager. Wow, recommend this tablet. He may need it again some day."
Review of Vyvanse: "My son is 14 and although he had signs of ADHD it was clearly obvious when he got in High school and started to struggle more than ever. I dont need to go into all his symptoms because he has so many and wish I did not wait so long to wake up and smell the coffee (if you know what I mean). Anyway I went to the Doctor and after all my research I asked the doc (I am a nurse by the way) if we could try Vyvanse and he said yes, that is after he determined that "Yes" he has ADHD. The first week back at school (after break) the teachers could not believe the change in him. In Algebra(before medicine) he was flunking all his tests and today he sent me a text that he got his first "A". The knowledge was all there, it just needed help to be released."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I've started taking Vyvanse about a year ago and for the first six months it was fantastic, I could concentrate and my grades were stellar. I was noticing some depression and random bouts of anger, but I just shrugged it off because it had been a rough school year. However, around September 2010 I ran out and the doctor couldn't see me until december (I know, it's crazy). Of course, I couldn't concentrate as well but my mood improved considerably, I was actually happy. I started taking it again in January and on the second day, I saw an ex-girlfriend that I still really liked and I almost broke down in tears. The drug does it's job, but for my personal experience it has played with my emotions. "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am almost 50 yr old female just, diagnosed with ADD/ADHD. In elementary school super bright but would finish my work quickly and disrupt the rest of the class.  I was never considered hyper just a little "naughty" and disrupted.  Now looking back as things in my life have become more disruptive as I age.  Couldn't hold a job lately, drink too much etc.  I have the Adderral now and that's great. However, when I read about it not working or it becomes less effective, I get nervous because I don't want to be that disruptive unemployable person.  I met a Doctor who has ADD as well.  He found that simple blood hormone test and restoring your levels can assist in using less medication, making the medication more effective and less side effects."
Review of Concerta: "My 10 year old Son got from Below Expected to Expected in Maths due to amazing Concerta. Although sometimes it makes him be a bit depressed and finds it hard to smile. But this has really improved his Grades. His Cousin also takes it and they all now are very good in school. Use Concerta! It actually works! Thanks Jassen-Cliag for this great Medication for my Son's ADHD."
Review of Adderall: "I knew I struggled with ADD in college but refused to go on medication because of the stigma associated with Adderall. My father has ADD as well and refused medications. Now at 56 he is homeless, can't hold down a job, can't control his finances, health, or any responsibilities. When I graduated college and started my full-time job I realized that I was heading towards the same path as my pops. I love my job and am very passionate about it, but following instructions or staying on task during an 8 hour work day was IMPOSSIBLE. 5mg of XR/day (2x on my v. busy days) saved my job and life! I feel like I finally have a clutch to support me with my disability now. It has improved every aspect of my life: social, financial, academic, etc."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I knew I always was ADHD, but I found that this medicine really helped to stabilize my mood. I used to be grouchy all the time, now I feel more laid back. I also suffer from Ulnar Neuropathy, and it seems to really help with the pain! So far I enjoy this medicine. I'm a little concerned it might directly affect my short-term memory though."
Review of Vyvanse: "My son is 10 and I have known for a long time he had inattentive ADHD, but his school didn't want to help me get a diagnosis, and I was trying to tell myself he didn't have it. He changed schools this year, now a 5th grader, and I happened to ask his teacher how his attention and focus was. He was unfocused during the day. They did a time on task and it showed he was 40% more off task than his peers during different times in the day. His teacher and I filled out the normal forms which ask how unfocused rating 1-5 etc. and our answers were near identical. His doctor saw the info and sure enough, an ADHD diagnosis.  He was put on 20mg Vyvanse just this week, and he seems so much more focused!"
Review of Adderall XR: "I take one a day. It helps me concentrate, and also helps me feel ambitious and less depressed. But when it wears off in the evening, I start feeling sad and easily agitated. I can take up to 2 a day, but I usually only take one, because I don't want it to cause any heart problems."
Review of Intuniv: "25 year old female taking 3mg of Intuniv.I started Intuniv while I was unemployed. It does really help with my focus, keeps me from being super hyper and helped my blood pressure. During this time I would take a lot of naps during the day or even just sleep in till noon. I thought it was just me liking naps and having not much to do during the day. Well I started a new job a month ago and have been falling asleep at my desk. I thought it was another medicine but it did turn out to be my Intuniv. So my doctor is having me go down and see if lower doses will help or not. If not he will be putting me on another medicine. I also tried not taking it for a couple of days, but it caused withdrawal symptoms at the end of day 2."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I'm a rare case; I currently am prescribed 180mg of Adderall (90mg IR & 90mg XR). When this was raised to 240mg, I asked to try Dexedrine thinking that after a decade on Adderall, I had simply become tolerant to it. My doc put me on 120mg of Dexedrine. There was a noticeable decline in my focus, and my energy levels (not that's why you should take stimulants) fell off the map. It was smooth. But for me, it was way too smooth. I remember taking 60mg one morning and then going for a hike. I couldn't concentrate on a damn thing, and I was nodding off as I was walking. I guess I should have expected this going from such a high amount of Adderall to a lower dose of Dexedrine (which is absent of levoamphetamine). I would try it again though."
Review of Adderall: "Works great!"
Review of Guanfacine: "My 17 yr old daughter has been on Ritalin XL for three years, after having tried Concerta and Adderral. The doctor switched her to Intuniv and its reeked havoc on her body. She developed constipation so quickly, we thought she had appendicitis--ended up in emergency room!  To date she has slept about 18-20 hours per day, has eaten only 1/2 grilled cheese and some blueberries in 24 hours. She's also light headed and dizzy. Last night she thought someone was showering at 4am.  From reading these experiences, I believe Intuniv isn't right for her body. We know many kids it's worked for--unfortunately, not ours."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I started taking this when I was 17. I was struggling in school, barely passing my main subjects.  Within 10 days of taking Adderall, I could tell it started to work.  I could concentrate on listening to my teachers.  My brain slowed down enough where I could do my homework.  It all started to make sense. My self-esteem improved with my grades improving to 85's and above within 6 months.  Side effects have been loss of appetite, not needing to sleep as much. Unfortunately, I've had bright red blood in my stool this past month.  It also happened about 6 months ago.  I will be discussing with my doctor."
Review of Guanfacine: "I am 39 and have dealt with my ADD for all my life. May of 2012 the Dr. started me out on 1mg, after a week, I could tell a difference.  Like a filing cabinet in my brain. However, I was VERY tired. So I decided to take at night. (I've always had a hard time shutting my brain off to sleep)  Next week she upped me 2 mg. After a few days, I started to notice I focus more...GREAT!!, and I was sleeping better!!  She then put me on 3 mg. I couldn't tolerate it! I started getting hot flashes and thought I was going to pass out!  I couldn't sit out in the sun, I had to stay in. So she lowered me back to 2mg. A year later and its the best decision I have ever made.  My brain is calm, I am focused and sleep like a bear!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been on this medication for over six months now for my severe ADHD. I take it as needed to get my studying done. Usually 10mg two or three times a day does the trick nicely. Before starting Ritalin I failed miserably at college and could never focus or study for more than 1 minute. Now I get near perfect scores across all my subjects. I take it in the evening (after 7pm) as this is when I get my work done. Also I experience no comedown or crash when I take it in the evening. This medication literally saved my life allowing me to continue my studies and pursue my interests. It hasn't lost it's effectiveness in over six months and I have very little side effects. God bless Novartis for inventing this life changing drug."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have used this medication for over three years, with great success in combating lifelong inability to maintain focus, or to complete tasks, get to work on time, etc., etc.Recently, my physician informed me that the manufacturer of Adderall had quit making immediate release tablets (was taking 1-2 20mg/day)- and switched me over to Vyvanse 40mg time released. Now I'm having problems sleeping, feel generally depressed. Doubt they quit making Adderall/as my doctor said...and think it is more likely the authorities was coming down."
Review of Clonidine: "My 4 year old was diagnosed with severe ADHD and we had tried several different medications before we got the clonidine, after being on the clonidine for about a week he had become calm, he listens better, he is just all round a more well behaved child. Clonidine is a God-send for anyone who has a child with ADHD."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 6 yo son was only on this 10 days before yanking him off of it. The first day he ate almost nothing, threw up by 5pm and was awake at least 3 hours after putting him to bed. That day and the next few days he talked incessantly and had dry mouth, but his ability to attend in school was a little better but only for maybe 4 hours tops. By the last 3 days, it was making him worse. He was very irritable and was literally bouncing off the walls, and made his impulsiveness even worse. He was crawling on the floor, biting his nails wildly, licking things...you name it. This was a kid that most other people never even knew had issues, but within a week on Vyvanse, he was definitely acting wild."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "This is not a joke. I literally took this medicine at 2:30pm and started having a panic attack at the library and had to leave. it is now 10:30pm and I just texted my sorority group chat asking if there was an earthquake because I literally felt the entire house shaking. My body is reacting so terribly to this medicineIi do not recommend taking this at all. Now my entire sorority thinks I am crazy."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "This is the only stimulate that doesn't put me to sleep. I've tried all the other common stimulates.  I've have adult ADHD. and I really like the long acting capsules better than the tablets, I only take it once and I have continued concentration instead of remembering to take my next dose after 4 hours. Highly recommended if all other stimulates have failed."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 21 years old and I've been on 40mg Vyvanse for about 5 months give or take.  I've been on other medications for ADHD in the past, but they left me feeling edge-y or more anxious.This medication works much better in terms of even release and feeling normal, and not jittery or like I have a come down when medication wears off.However, I still struggle trying to find the ideal medication/dosage because my days are long, sometimes from 4am until 10pm  at night, and no medication has lasted that long for me.  I used to take Adderall twice daily, so that it would last me the entire day, but that left me feeling terrible.  I fear if I up the dosage of Vyvanse to twice daily, I may start getting other side effects as well.  "
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son is 11 and has been taking Metadate CD for 4 years.  He is now taking 30mg in the morning.  He is very thin and has no appetite during the day, but when his appetite comes back at bedtime we always let him eat as much as he wants.  When he doesn't take this medication he says he can't do any of his work at school so we feel it really benefits him.  He still has a lot of trouble with disorganization and being moody and sometimes aggressive, especially in the evenings when he is coming down off the medicine.  He also has some headaches still, but not too much trouble sleeping.  His behavior and ability to finish his school work all depend on whether he has had his medication though."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have been using Adderall for about 2 years now. I am an adult male at the age of 25. I always had an issue focusing in school and I have had a "rocking" issue my entire life. I tend to rock back and forth while reading or sitting about. It was very difficult to complete homework because I would try to figure out the answers to my homework problems but my rocking would take all of my focus and no matter how hard I tried to stop the rocking, I would always end up doing it anyway. As I attended college I was put on academic probation and decided to see a Doctor. Since I have been diagnosed and prescribed Adderall, my life has changed 100% for the better. No more rocking and my focus is incredible!"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My 6 year old grandson has been on Focalin for 2 months.  We noticed an immediate behavior change in that he has so much more focused in school, less outbursts and getting daily "Perfect Day" behavior charts.  He is so much happier now and although we are still watching, we haven't seen any side effects."
Review of Dexedrine: "I was diagnosed with ADHD as a kid along with Asthma. A previous drug was being used however had to be stopped because of the review and side effects of being suicidal and doing things without worrying about the risk. Hard to explain... Anyways, ever since I started this drug, it has gone on a downhill. I have been using the drug for a very long time now, and to be honest , besides the tingling feeling I get sometimes using or taking a break from this drug, it doesn't help me at all. My parents think, thats it me that has to control ADHD but I cant, and this medicine isn't helping at all. I tried taking more dosage by myself and it still didn't work. Don't recommend at all. Btw I am 18 years old soon 19."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Used this for recently diagnosed adult ADD (no hyper-activity). What a difference it made. Started at 30mg, finished at 40mg (30mg plus 10mg patch). I finally finished my last class for a long overdue college degree and my family relationship has improved because I am able to stay on task, keep commitments and be focused and present when with other people. I loved putting it on and forgetting it until my alarm reminded me to remove it late in the day. Unfortunately, the skin itching and rashes got to be severe perhaps because I wore the patch from 8:00 am to 8:00 pm. I went off the patch and still had red marks,  and raised bumps weeks later. I'm switching to Vyvanse next month."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 7 year old son has been on the 15mg patch going on his 4th month now and it has been a God send. He went from a C and D student at the start of the school year to an almost straight A student at the end. I have found that if I use adhesive remover and out a little lotion on the site after removal it manages the irritation. It definitely affects his appetite but no more so than any of the other medications that he has been on. Night and Day difference for us."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm in my mid 30's & was diagnosed with ADHD approx 4 months ago. I started on 10 mg 2x a day & am currently on 20 mg 3 x a day. I tried Daytrana, the Ritalin patch, but it made me aggressive & hungry! In less than a month I had gained 20 lbs. I'm back on the pill & so far I love it! I wish I had this back in school! Unfortunately my mom wasn't a believer in ADHD. I am calmer, can think rationally vs going straight off emotions, the racing thoughts have ceased & I can complete tasks I start now. It's also given me more motivation in my life. Before Ritalin I was ready to give up on life & did nothing. I can now take care of responsibilities! My mood has even improved & my patience with my children & people in General has vastly improved."
Review of Adderall XR: "It was a year ago I was put on Adderall XR. The difference it has made in my life can not even be explained with words. At 36 yrs of age I went to my family doctor and got real honest. It was a humbling experience. I have suffered with drug addiction, depression and major depression for many years. Being called and labeled so many things since I was 15. I really was not sold on my doctor saying I was a clear cut case of ADHD. Of course I saw three different doctors in about three months and tried three different meds before my doctor put me on Adderall.  After being on it for a year. I have got involved in a ministry, moved across the country and am starting a new business in Texas. My wife of 14 years can't believe the difference."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 20 year old female. I have been taking 50mg Vyvanse for about 3 months or so. I started taking it during the summer and so my schedule of taking it was rather irregular which caused me to have insomnia and decrease my appetite. I have started school now and it works wonders. I am able to concentrate in class and I have motivation to actually do my homework. I even wish I were in school longer..strange I know. I have experienced the side effects from it, more recently though. I have noticed my heart will race for no real reason, I have become more irritable and on edge (although I'm pretty sure I was like that before), and I tend to get kind of agitated at very minuscule things."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have benefited a lot with this medication. Only problem I have is taking it too late in the day and having insomnia side effects. Like right now its 3:30 am on a school night and I cant sleep! Do not take Adderall after a certain hour."
Review of Strattera: "This medicine "helps"...it is not a cure-all. My biggest side effect is I CAN'T SLEEP...Thankfully this passes after a few weeks. Overall, I have found this medicine to be helpful."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Helped me a lot. Been using it for 8 months and now I'm on a 20 mg 2 times a day. I never had the power to just sit still and stay on one task. Now I'm able to actually sit down and focus on one task. I'm 16 and was diagnosed at 15. Ritalin doesn't last long enough though which is the only down side. Only lasts for 3 hours but it's good because you could get your appetite back. No side effects just a little nervous at times and head aches which are rare. Also suppressed appetite the first hour you take it."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "First, THANKS ALL OF YOU folks sharing. This is very informative. We are all trying to find something that works. My son, age 10, 5th grade, has been ADHD and negative overall for yrs.  Finally tried Vivance 20mg. Big help month 1. More talkative, able to focus, get things done.  Said it wore off or he got used to it by month 2 so uppedd dose to 30mg.Same thing, except after school a lot more sensitive emotionally.  He said he didn't see much difference after a few weeks so we upped dose to 40mg on month 4.   Still sensitive after school, no appetite, complained that he was grinding his teeth all day , thirsty all the time and dry skin then one day suddenly his wrists and web between thumb and finger broke into red purple DEEP DRY RASH. Stopped it"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I really like Concerta. I was on Adderall before but had really bad anxiety and sleep side effects and even more side effects, so my doctor gave me a Concerta prescription and I took it and felt so energized and focused. I love Concerta so much the only complaint would be it lowers my appetite and gives me a bad mood sometimes but I use Prozac to balance that out and this medicine is amazing, I tested it on video games and kept winning because how focused I was. This medicine is great for ADHD I highly reccomend it."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am only giving this a 7 because it definitely made a change in my ability to concentrate for long periods but it was not a pleasant experience. As soon as I took the medicine it would make me feel exhausted and tired. I would have to fight the tiredness to get any benefit out of it. By the end of the day I was drained. It also made me extra agitated. I couldn't focus on more than one thing at a time so when someone would distract me I would get very irritated. I also tensed up my muscles and had bad neck/bad pain. I switched to Ritalin but that was crap too. They put me on Vyvanse and it feels similar but less intense than adderall so we shall see."
Review of Ritalin: "For years I had been battling behavior problems with my son who is now 10. He was not a bad child but had no concentration span, would fidget, annoy others and was falling way behind children the same age as him. Finally we managed to get him seen by a specialist. He is now been on Ritalin 15mg for 4 months and the change is unbelievable. He is already catching up with his school work, making more friends as he understands them better and is generally just more content and happy. At first he was teary and clingy when first put on them but that soon went. The only down for my son is that he is not as hungry as he used to be and lost a lot of weight in the beginning but is steadily putting it back on now."
Review of Ritalin: "I have been taking Ritalin for almost 3 years & it has been great. I had ADHD in high school & college. I couldn't focus, listen to lectures, read well or study. I saw a doctor during college & he prescribed me Ritalin 20mg 3x/day (I had long days in college). I was finally able to read well, study & focus. I love learning now, I'm motivated & my mood improved. Now I take 20mg 2x/day (I graduated & go to bed earlier). It lasts around 4 hours. I never experience withdrawal or major sleepiness when I don't take it. Side effects: Difficulty sleeping if taken too close to bed time & appetite loss (minor). I highly suggest an eating schedule and drinking lots of water so you don't eat too little. I would often forget to eat in the beginning."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Dexedrine worked above and beyond for my ADHD symptoms, outstanding medication."
Review of Clonidine: "My son has been on this for the 6 years because he would have fits at night before he started the clondine.. It has helped so much with his sleeping, impulseness.. I give this a ten.."
Review of Dexedrine: "I'm 46 and was diagnosed with ADHD 2 times when I was a kid but never took the medicine. My life's always felt out of control and emotional roller coaster. I tried Adderall first but it made me to jumpy. I switched to Dextroamphetamine and once I got past the first week and up to my 20 mg a day everything became so much easier to deal with in life. Less stress, better sleep at night and makes me feel "normal". Best medicine in the world but the cost is absolutely ridiculous as I have no insurance."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This XR works very well I haven't taken the IR so I don't know how well it works"
Review of Concerta: "What would I give to not take medication! I am 18, and have been taking Concerta for 3 years now. It helps me to keep things in order, stop forgetting things, concentrate in class for long periods of time, do mundane tasks I hate. However, within the first week of taking it I will feel very moody, have tics, etc. I get excited and anxious easily. In the evenings, it is impossible to concentrate and it gets me often very frustrated or irritable. I have been considering changing medications or stopping because it suppresses my creativity and will have me concentrate on negative thoughts causing depression. However, the withdrawal effects will make me very lazy, depressed, or even manic. "
Review of Vyvanse: "First started off on 30 mg for ADHD and OCD. I have noticed a complete 180 in just two and a half weeks and not just with concentration but my mood of frustration and confusion. In beginning it did make me tired but that has gone and I've actually had have dose increase to 60 mg. Overall, great medication for me."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Been on and off Ritalin for yrs.  The reg. version works well for me, but its effect was gone in under 3 hrs.  The extended release was useless - I metabolize it too quickly and was ODing on it after about an hr.   When I was working, it was great not wasting time getting distracted by crap: no retracing my steps to remember what I was looking for; no wondering why I had the telephone in my hand - was I calling or answering, etc?  But I didn't like driving under Ritalin - I was used to having my attention all over the place and being able to see EVERYTHING that was going on around me:  traffic slowing 5 blocks up; a wingnut weaving thru lanes 2 blocks behind.  I only took it while working or when I needed to focus.  Same thing now."
Review of Adderall: "I have ADD, Attention Deficit Disorder, Fatigue, and Low Motivation. I also have Major Depression. If I didn't have adderall my dad would mostly see me staying in bed all day sleeping or just thinking. Adderall helps me a lot, it gets my brain actually working. It makes me want to do the things I loved before I was depressed and it kinda helps with the fatigue. My legs still feel tired 24/7 but I can move when I'm on Adderall."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am productive but I am not myself, I can't sleep.  I stay up for days on end because there is so much I have to do.  My body just wants rest, my pulse is pounding behind my eyes.  I can't remember the last time my body or my mind allowed me to eat, hunger is a distant memory.  I am gregarious in conversations and go off like Charlie Sheen.  I have stayed up for days, until white walls turned orange.  I have been on Vyvanse for a year and before that Medidate, Stratera, Concerta, Daytrana, Ritalin, Adderall.  I don't know who I am outside of my daily dose because I've been fed since I was 9, I'm 21 now. I have a 4.0 GPA, I am miserable. None of these are good, the alternative is worse."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "So far so good, I recently started Vyvanse and it has been wonderful I am really seeing a difference. The only side effect I have experienced is dry mouth and I did not drink enough water anyway so I have had a very positive experience."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I'm 17 now. Been taking the medicine for maybe 3-4 years now. Honestly, it's fantastic in what it does. Better concentration, less impulsive, able to actually sit down and work, more control over my mood/emotions and its worth repeating Less Impulsive. But please know that because of this I also weigh 129lbs. I'm 6 feet tall. This completly kills my appetite. I've gone full 24 days without any real meal and hate it. I hate feeling my stomach in pain and feeling weak because I have nothing to fuel me but still my mouth stays dry and eating food becomes so non-instinctive that I have to force myself to go through the motions of chewing and swallowing. When off it, appetite is fine. Great medicine, please be aware of the effects possible."
Review of Guanfacine: "My 8 year old son was extremely hyperactive and had anger issues. Even though he was on Adderall. He was constantly biting his brother and sister, arguing with his dad and I, kicking, throwing tantrums and acting like a baby when he didn't get his way. After we added Intuniv to his daily dose of Adderall, he is a completely different child. It has been wonderful. There has been less yelling and arguing, less fighting, he actually gets along and plays with his brother and sister and us. I love this medicine! I only wish we found it sooner. Thank you for giving us our son back!"
Review of Bupropion: "Started out at 150 mg xl, and just upped my dosage to 300 mg xl. This medication has worked wonders for me. It definitely helps with attention span, and impulse control, without making me feel on edge like some stimulants did. I am very productive at work, and I find it easier to stay on task. Overall happiness & motivation has increased immensely. Best medication I've been prescribed so far."
Review of Ritalin LA: "This medication is truly life changing. After 30 minutes of taking the medication, I become a different person. My laziness goes away and I feel so focussed to do tasks.  I've seen a friend at school go from almost a washout, to a hardworking student and everyone started feeling different about him. Best medication in the world!"
Review of Vyvanse: "This medication has increased my school performance greatly! I have experienced the weight loss and lower libido ALOT. But overall it's really great. I needed to lose weight anyway..."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 19 and I started taking 100mg Vyvanse a day when I was 17. Before Vyvanse I took Focalin. I love Vyvanse except for the fact that it doesnt last for the full 12 hours. When I first started on it, my senior year in high school after I had my daughter. I had never felt so confident. I made high honors and was like smart for the first time. I was capable of being focused of what was only going on in the classroom and didn't have to worry about anything besides school. I just really hated when I would crash because then I would get tired and then didn't feel like really doing anything. I do notice side effects but other then that I think it's worth taking."
Review of Metadate CD: "My 6 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD when he was 4 years old. We have tried several different medicines. He has been on Metadate for almost two months and it's been like a miracle drug. He is very pleasant to be around now. He takes 20mgs in the morning and it has not seemed to affect his appetite or his sleep. He is doing much better in school. The teacher said she knew he knew the info but getting it out of him was like pulling teeth before. Now he is doing exactly what she wants him to do."
Review of Adderall XR: "I was diagnosed with ADHD as a kid because I was our typical class clown that didn't do anything in class. My parents took me to the doctor and I was prescribed Adderall and it did what is was suppose to but I absolutely hated because instead of playing at recess I would just read a book, so I quit taking it. Fast forward to freshmen year in college I was completely overwhelmed with school so I went back got tested and they put me on Vyvanse, it did the job but I was so mad when I was on it, they switched be to Adderall. It does exactly what it is supposed to do, make you productive. I went from a 3.0 to a 3.8 from this medicine. But make sure you eat, if you are on it your body will not tell you you're hungry."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Hyper focused, dry mouth. Both this and Straterra put me into state of manic. Used Depakote 750mg for mental balance. "
Review of Vyvanse: "I adore Vyvanse. It totally improves my quality of life keeping me energized, making me think more clearly and putting me in the happiest mood ever. Different medications work better for different people, but I very highly recommend Vyvanse."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was diagnosed with ADHD at eight . I was put on Ritalin then. Awful stuff. That turned me away from  taking anything for years. I started taking adderall xl at the age of twenty-seven. I didn't notice a change until my doc raised my dosage from 20 to 25mg.  My work was better. Heck my life turned around.  I finished projects I started. I payed attention. I remembered little things that use to evade me. Like names, where I put things, and what I was just doing. I also noticed I wasn't as depressed. I could sleep better. Just do not take xl late or sleeping may be difficult. One thing and I can't stress enough. If you have a loved one who is on or going to be on adderall. It is addictive. Watch for the signs of abuse. Monitor teens."
Review of Adderall XR: "Mine may be a somewhat rarer case of ADHD, that is very severe, and my response to amphetamines is almost perfectly paradoxical for the best known effects.  I sleep better and longer with significant blood concentration (it's neutral for going to sleep, but keeps me asleep longer), have better appetite, cannot achieve euphoria or a "high" from amphetamines, only a mild feeling of extra energy.For me adderall is far less effective than single ingredient D-isomer formulations.  Best guess is that the L-isomer is what ruins it for my condition or perhaps the more exotic salts.  Vyvanse, Desoxyn, Dexedrine are much more effective and without side-effects for me.  Didn't expect the difference, but adderall doesn't work well with my brain chem."
Review of Adderall: "Before adderall i was on edge i had put everything off and neglected myself and my relationship. Now i have that drive to want to do what i love eapecially art.  Im a graphic atrist and have that drive again. Anyone that is irritable with every little thing feel lazy cause u dont want to leave your house and have no social life please see a doctor to test u for adhd add it will I promise change and possibly save ur social life and self esteem"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am a 45 year old male and was never diagnosed with ADD or ADHD.  However, I have nearly every symptom and have suffered the consequences of this problem my entire life.  In short, Adderall changed my life.  I have never liked taking any medication but the increase in the quality of my life is worth any side effect I may incur down the road."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son is 7 years old and has been diagnosed with ADHD and is using  Daytrana 10mg which has been the BEST so far! After applying the patch, it takes a couple of hours for the medicine to start working. I noticed that if I place the patch on his hip, but closer to his butt it is more effective. (my doctor said that other parents had noticed that the placement of the patch makes a difference). At school he is able to control his impulses, focus and most importantly still be a 7 year old boy (not a zombie). The only downfalls to this medication is that he does not have an appetite (most of these meds cause this) & the area where you place the patch can get red and itchy. I rotate where I place the patch and use baby oil to remove the adhesive"
Review of Vyvanse: "This medicine has changed my life.  I am a 43 year old female, diagnosed as an adult with ADHD.  I always knew I was meant for more than what I seemed capable of achieving - although I would by no means consider myself an underachiever. The statement "you don't know what you don't know" rings so true for me.  Immediately upon starting this prescription my world changed.  I was able to fully complete tasks, stay on schedule, CONCENTRATE, and prioritize...the list goes on and on.  I wish I had a "before and after" photo of my home.  The clutter, disorganization, and chaos is gone.  My house very much symbolizes my brain.  I feel like my mind has been freed from the "fog", and I am able to accomplish so much more now with much less stress."
Review of Adderall: "I'm a mid 20s female who should have been on ADD medicines years ago, this is the only one I've tried so nothing to compare it to. Love Adderall because of the obvious side effects: take it in the morning and can get out of bed in 30 minutes without feeling the normal exhaustion I've felt my whole life first few hours of day, no appetite so in beginning weight loss and now weight maintenance, and energy throughout the day (until it wears off), almost like an extreme diet pill. Even though I have energy to run around and could get stuff done, seem to just run around aimlessly not doing anything with a point. I snap and have a temper that I never used to have. "
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 17 and have been taking this since 8th grade. I was diagnosed because I would get into trouble all the time and when I first started taking it, it was great. I stopped getting into trouble and so on. Now, 4 years later I feel it is completely different. Rapid heart rate, anger, don't care mood, dizziness, but it still makes me focused. I'm tying to get off it, but making slow progression because I'm really ADHD, my friends concur. The crash after taking it for so long feels like dementia. I only take it on weekdays and could relate to insomnia because I getless than 30 hours of sleep a week. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son has autism, ocd and adhd.  This medication has made a tremendous difference!  Before Daytrana, he was taking timed release Focalin xr capsules. We had to empty the capsules into a spoon for him to swallow with water because he cannot swallow pills.  We also tried the liquid compounded form.  Both forms were short acting because he couldn't swallow the capsule so he had to take it 3 times per day. Because he was not getting a steady, controlled dose, he was not as focused as he is now with the Daytrana. He also had sleep difficulty for two years while taking Focalin. Not any longer! He can focus, eat and sleep. He does have red skin underneath the patch which disappears after removal."
Review of Amphetamine: "I am on Dexamphetamine got diagnosed with ADHD only at age 40. I self medicated with alcohol for 20 years and was on 5 moodstabilisers. I feel like a reborn person detoxed of alcohol and all meds replaced it all with Dexies and WOW I am alive!It took me 4 months to get used to them. They are a real pain in the neck to take every 2 hours. In 1st 4 months it was hell, I became so incredibily depressed, wanted to jump off a bridge. Interval was too big. 4-5 hours.  I pushed it to 40 mg a day every 2 hours. He said You won't sleep if you take them after 5 pm. I sometimes take them at 9 pm and sleep at 11 pm. Sideffect: big ass headaches if I dare to forget my pill after 2 hours."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been on Vyvanse for about 10 months.  It is an amazing drug to reduce distraction, calm the hyper/distractable me and just enjoy life a bit better.The only downside for me are two things:  firstly, the afternoon crash can suck.  I often am left feeling a little anxious or irritated.The other thing, and probably the more annoying side affect, is that is does impact my sleep.  To minimize these side affects, here are my tips that work for me:1) stop drinking coffee or other stimulants.1b) wait until you are properly awake before you take it... 2) don't drink on medication days.3) schedule your diet and stick with it.4) exercise in the morning (before taking it).5) have your no medication / chill days."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Works well. Be sure not to take in evening or night just in the morning and noon though, because it will cause sleeplessness."
Review of Adderall XR: "Adderall was a great drug for my ADD. It didn't make me lose my appetite at all, it didn't make me moody, it didn't give me any crashes, it helped me focus really well.  But it did give me bad acne which is why I ended up stopping it and now I am looking for another drug to replace it.  This annoyed me because it was the perfect medication for me but I will take a drug that doesn't work as good for a clear face any day."
Review of Strattera: "I've been taking Strattera for half a month now, I am 34, and it seems to be doing a pretty good job of increasing my attention span.  I have some, but not many signs of decreased sexual appetite, depression, or suicidal thoughts.  I HAVE, however, noticed that I am biting my tongue on the right side of my mouth and when I forget to take the medicine this stops.  It usually happens when I am concentrating, and while I was typing this review, I found myself doing it again. This is very strange, as I haven't heard about it. Also, when I get the shivers, I notice that they now linger at the top of my scalp. I am assuming this has something to do with increased blood flow in your brain or some such thing."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been taking Vyvanse 30mg for 2 weeks for adult ADHD. It has been very helpful for me to stay on task at work and get things done that normally I would have a hard time with. I used to get very overwhelmed with what needed to be done and completely shut down, not getting anything done at all! Then beating myself up for being a procrastinator etc. I have not had any issues with insomnia or any other side effects, besides the normal appetite suppression during the day, which as resulted in an 8lb weight loss in 2 weeks. No complaints here as I need to lose about 20. I recommend not drinking more than 1 or 2 cups of coffee while taking this. I did once and was jacked up. Not a good feeling. I highly recommend taking this if you are an attention deficit"
Review of Strattera: "I'm 30 and have taken several types of ADD medications since I was young.  I stopped taking Adderall/Ritalin when I graduated from college (about 25 yrs old) because I did not like the side effect, particularly loss of appetite and jitteriness.  I have since had to get back on meds because I have a sales job and I was making mistakes at work.  I started on 25 mg a couple months back and it worked great at first, but has tapered off some.  I wasn't sure if it was still working, but at night when the morning pill wares off and I can't get anything done and I'm super scatterbrained.  That tells me it is working.  I should probably take the doctor recommend evening dose, as well.  Only complaint on side effects would be extreme sleep spells."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I don't feel right,  I can't focus, I don't want to workout which I love to do, I don't want to drum which i love doing too. I felt great on biphentin despite the anger I tried concerta for a day and hated it"
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "This is a wonderful medication. I am so happy I switched from Adderall. I find the focus and concentration to be awesome. Without a doubt it is the cleanest feeling ADHD medications on the market. If you have co-morbid anxiety disorders, this is the medicine to go for. I always felt anxious on Adderal or Ritalin, but the Dexedrine is so smooth that I find my anxiety is being helped! I would definitely recommend this to anyone who has ADHD, especially when others have caused increased agitation. I believe this is the best ADHD medicine on the market."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 17 years old, I've always had a problem focusing in school. Eventually I was taken to get tested and I did in fact have A.D.D . My doctor started me on 50mg of Vyvanse. My first day taking the pill was amazing and so was that whole 2 weeks. Its now my third week on Vyvanse and I've been having rapid heart rates, blurred vision, and feeling very jittery/shaky. I'm curious if my dosage is too high for me. I'm also afraid that if I get my dosage lower that it will no longer work for me. "
Review of Adderall XR: "On my 4th day of Adderall XR! I just bumped up to 20mg today, and let me tell you, best ADHD drug I have ever taken! One, I feel happy and content. Two, I am a ton more focused! And three, I can sit on my couch and just chill or go out and play basketball with my friends or basically do whatever, my motivation is amazing! I tried Focalin XR, Concerta, Strattera worked for a year, then just stopped working. But I asked my doctor to let me try this medicine, and that is the best choice I have ever made. No insomnia but be ready for a loss of appetite. I lost 8lbs. in the 4 days I've been taking this. As long as it keeps working as it is, I can see me being on this for a long time."
Review of Guanfacine: "My 10 y/o has been taking this medication for 4 years now for his ADHD and anger/aggression. He hasn't had anger problems for some time now. Now we use the medication to help him maintain better focus, and he acts less silly (able to take serious situations seriously now) on intuniv.He also takes a very low dose Ritalin twice a day now, because we noticed the Intuniv helped him focus but it didn't help him stay in his seat. He couldn't keep still without Ritalin. However, his Ritalin gave him tics after a few months being on it. The Intuniv has helped keep those tics lessened, but it doesn't completely take them away. When he misses an Intuniv dose though, his tics are so severe he actually experiences physical discomfort."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My Daughter has been taking Vyvanse for about 4 years now she is 14 and taking the 50 mg, She usually takes it on school days, So last summer she wasn't taking it and she started her period but as soon as September came she went back on the 50mg her period never came back. Has anyone experienced this? the doctor said it had nothing to do with the medication but I have a feeling it does."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been taking this medicine for two weeks now. Most of the side effects have gone away with the exception of the lack of appetite which is not really a bad thing. My life has improved I have been taking 50 mg. I cleaned my car for the first time in 6 months! The only problem is, it does not last for 12 hours, after about 6 hours I start to crash then at 8-9 hours I start to get anxious and OCD. I don't know if I have to increase my dose but am unsure because of heart issues it causes. Pros: Helps with organization, I am excited about things for the first time when I was a teenager. My symptoms went from more external ADD to internal ADD as I became an adult'Cons: Does not last full 12 hours, can make me moody."
Review of Methylphenidate: "This medicine worked well . I didn't have that many side effects. I took adderall and this one was much better ."
Review of Strattera: "I started taking Strattera in 8th grade when I had a low C in Maths. I haven't had anything under a B since and I am now a freshman in college. It definitely worked for me, helps me focus. When I don't take it I do notice a difference in how I'm feeling. I would recommend not taking it before bed, whenever I do I have nightmares and have trouble staying asleep."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 7 year old started taking Vyvanse last week.  The same day she started the drug her teacher could tell she was doing much better.  It has given her a voice and she is on top of the world and so proud of herself.  She is so happy and so am I. I was always so sad because I couldn't help her and now Vyvanse has helped."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I've been on generic Adderall 20mg for about 5 months now from Barr manufacturer and they worked great but I recently got a prescription filled that was made from Actavis pharmaceuticals and can't believe they're allowed to make and sell these worthless pills. I have been reading reviews on how worthless and ineffective Actavis brand generic Adderall is for 2 days. How has the FDA not checked into this? I have to take this cheap, fake crap for the next month or throw them away and deal with my ADHD symptoms full-on until I can get my next prescription."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 44 year old woman who just got diagnosed with ADD. Vyvanse is the first medication prescribed to me and I have been on 50mg for about a month.  The first 2 days I was hyped up, euphoric, and extremely talkative. After that and now it has actually mellowed me out, I am in a good mood all day for the first time in 30 years (severe chronic depression). I can't believe the difference and wish I would have had something like this years ago. I might've had a better life. I can concentrate and happily socialize now. I have had zero side effects! Amazing."
Review of Atomoxetine: "So far so good. Been taking about a week now & no noticeable side effects. Had to quit Adderall due to symptoms in re my heart. I have High Blood Pressure & ended up in ER for a myriad of strange & scary heart-related issues. PCP wanted me off Adderall since it's a stimulant & suggested Strattera as it is a SNRI. I take a SSRI for depression without incident so with this new one I guess time will tell."
Review of Atomoxetine: "40 yr old male newly diagnosed first time to take ADD meds. Small dose definitely gave focus, but mind was racing at night. Bad sleep, woke up many times, clock seems to tick very slow. Noticeable side effects included:  decreased urine flow, ED, shrinkage and semen leakage prior to climax. Got up to 40mg and quit."
Review of Focalin XR: "I gave my 4 year old his first dose at 7 am on a Friday- by 3pm he was running, hitting back flips off the bed and could not stay asleep. I called the doctor she said discontinue. His heart was beating out his chest- I was so scared I sat and watched him all night and his heart beat like that through the next day. No more stimulants for him. "
Review of Adderall: "For me, Adderall is a dream and a nightmare all wrapped in one pill. When I wake up I need the adderall just to be productive in my day, it works like a charm and makes me more creative and motivated. But I find that I need more and more to keep going. Eventually when the day is over and its too late to take any more pills, I feel zoned out and unable to sleep. If adderral came with a powerful sleep medicine,  it would be a perfect drug. Although I don't like the anti-social aspect that comes with it. You get so concentrated that you become socially awkward and don't want to talk with anybody. Also when I drink on adderall I can become crazy aggressive at times. But other than that I love adderall, I've done some of my best work on it."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "For me it's smoother than Adderall XR, less of the jitters/jumpy. Been on it for a while, and it's the best I've come across. (Desoxyn made me feel tired/yawn, Adderall gave me jitters and suppressed appetite too much, Ritalin was just bad). At first just like Adderall you will experience some back pain and need to drink extra glasses of water for cotton-mouth, but after that.. It's more normal. I've also found to some extent taking a magnesium supplement helps to keep the potency alive. As with all of the ADD meds the potency tends to fade."
Review of Intuniv: "My 8 year old son is on this medication. I get it with a coupon and pay $28 for it. My son was on Adderall 5 mg, however developed tick so he was switched to Intuniv. He isn't as focused. Really miss the Adderall. His grades have declined. Wish there was something else I could try."
Review of Strattera: "I was diagnosed with ADHD in 6th grade and have taken Stattera ever since. I am a college student now and its worked so well for me that I continuously make good grades. I would recommend this medicine to anyone who is having problems finding one to work."
Review of Amphetamine: "I just started this medication and I like it for the hyperactivity side of my ADHD. I have tried almost every ADHD medication but most recently was on vyvanse, with the vyvanse I had great concentration but the hyperactivity was not controlled well so she had me try Adzenys I've only been on it about a week and the taste is not that bad for being a dissolvable medication but I will say that I can't take it immediately and then go to work because I become almost spaced out. I know I probably need to adjust to it and it's great once the first hour has passed. I'm still unsure whether I will stay on adzenys or switch back to vyvanse but so far so good."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm 56 years old, and I was diagnosed with moderate to severe ADD when I was in my 30s.  I took Ritalin, then I weaned myself off of it 15 years ago because I seemed to function okay with my engineering job.  Then, in June of 2009, corporate shut down the location where I worked and laid off nearly everyone, including me.  There were no jobs available, so I decided to go back to school and get a second degree.  This is where I discovered that I had nowhere near the focus that I needed to pull of 14 credits per semester.My doctor prescribed Concerta, which really helped a lot, as long as it was before 1:00 PM.  He recently upped the dosage to 54 mg. Now, I can even handle the late-night homework sessions.  It's been a lifesaver for me."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 8 yr old has been taking this medication since he was 5 years old. Started at 10mg. Took him to the Doctor to see about upping it to 20mg. While at the doctors office the doctor said he needs 30mg. We tried that for a week or so. My son lost his appetite and complained with his heart hurting. Took him back, put him on 20mg. When he started the medication everyone could see a huge difference in his behavior. They said he was like a different child. Straight As for the past 3 report cards. The medicine runs out near the end of the day. If he has issues that's when it happens. At times he hits himself, makes strange noises, and can be moody. He sleeps well and he is @ 85% in his weight. It has worked for him."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been taking this medicine for over two years now and when I first started taking it it turned my life around.  I'm a senior in high school now and a high honors student and I credit my success mostly to the medication. After taking the 70mg dose for a long amount of time I have noticed that the benefits of the pill have decreased.  Now, the medicine wears off within five hours of taking it.  Compared to before when it would last all day.  I do not feel as focused as I used to while taking it, I do not feel the loss of appetite anymore, and I am becoming more forgetful."
Review of Ritalin: "I took it for a week. The first time I took it, I fell asleep. But it helps me with focus and thinking clearly. Still, I would go on the Adderall because it lasted longer in my system and I wasn't so sleepy."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 11 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD inattentive in August 2010 and we tried Concerta 36mg and it did nothing. The pediatrician prescribed Vyvanse 40mg to start, and what a difference! My son can now listen, focus, pay attention, concentrate at home and at school and can better manage his behaviors, thoughts and words. We are very happy with the results. He didn't lose appetite or weight, and has no side effects thus far. We are more than happy to have found a prescription that works for him so that he can function normally on a day to day basis."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My daughter (6 yrs old) began on Focalin (10 MG) a month ago.  We noticed she suffered from no ill side effects; rather she became more "in tune" with others feelings and emotions, slept even more soundly at night, and did not have a loss of appetite. Unfortunately, it did not stay in her system long enough to get her through school and homework so her Doctor adjusted her dose (20 MG). Now she is loving it!  For the first time, she is receiving high marks on her behavior at school, is able to communicate better with her friends, and (in her words) "stay focused and in control". The beauty of this, it leaves her system after about 10 hrs (she takes it at 7 am) and we are able to practice behavior modification procedures at home with her."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I had such high hopes for Strattera, but it was completely ineffective and actually made my condition worse. I wanted it to help me focus on work: sending emails, making phone calls, generally being able to work at a computer and other things. I started at 40mg a day, and found myself slightly more tired. I raised it to 60mg a day and seemed to get more tired and less motivated to get anything done. Finally I went to 80mg and still no help with focus. I just found that I was lethargic, unmotivated and tired. I took naps and lazed around, but didn't get as excited about things as I had before the medicine. My job requires creativity, and it's hard to be creative if you're not excited about it. So I actually became LESS productive."
Review of Adderall: "@Nishimaru2. I have the same problem your son does except mine is a bit...odd. If I'm not watching what I'm doing I'll find myself in the bathroom plucking facial hairs with tweezers. Weird, I know but only on Adderall."
Review of Clonidine: "I'm 26 and took vyvanse for 6 years for ADHD. I never was able to live up to my potential in academics until I started taking vyvanse and am now an RN. I don't like the way stimulants make me feel and finally decided to quit taking vyvanse after my doctor started me on clonidine 0.1mg at night for sleep. After taking them both for two months, (vyvanse 60mg in AM and clonidine at night) I decided to stop the vyvanse and have seen amazing results with only the clonidine. I have the same energy and personality as my old self with ADHD off of vyvanse, but compared to not taking stimulants without clonidine as compared to not taking stimulants with clonidine, I feel like I can finally live without a prescription narcotic and be successful. I never thought I could live a normal, productive life without vyvanse. It feels great, and I'm so thankful that when I asked my doctor for ambien to help me sleep, she first asked me to try clonidine."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "When first taking this I experienced a surge of energy in the morning, with a feeling of euphoria that lasted for an hour or so. It was easy to concentrate on one task but very difficult to move from one task to another. After an adjustment in the tablet 15mg - twice a day to10mg - three times a day I was able to function from morning through evening without the euphoria. It took more than a year to be able to complete a task and move onto another. Today, I have some tolerance but the change in behaviors (from negative to positive) has remained to the degree that I would not want to change medications."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 20 years old and I have ADD. I have been on every medication under the sun. I've been on the lower dose of Vyvanse for about a year and 1 week on the 40 mg. It has turned me into a monster. Side effects, I have been temperamental, irritated, easily annoyed. Mean to people close to me for no reason. Tired of school, want to give up school, dizzy. Feel like on autopilot going through the motions not really there, don%u2019t care anymore, isolation. My eye sight has been whack since I started higher dose. Have had chest pain not often every once in a while. I am happy during the day but at night. "
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvanse 60mg ( 19 years old, 138 lbs )Suffered of ADD since I was 7 years old. Never consulted before, I am now 19 years old. I just got my first prescription, I always had issue with my grades and I always had to work 5 times more than every other student for the same grade. Today after my first pill I just realized that in a normal condition my brain was only working at only 20% of its full capacity when studying, reading, driving or even in sexual relation (I had erectile dysfunction) and today with the pill I just felt invincible and in a super good mood (not understanding what you're studying or simply reading is just depressing). The pill made effect after 1 hour and it last approximately 10-12 hours. I really recommend Vyvanse."
Review of Concerta: "I do like this medicine. I've been taking it for 2 months now. 18mg it has worked very good for me but I have lost my appetite. I think it is worth it. "
Review of Ritalin: "I was 31 years old before I began taking Ritalin. I take a small dose, 10mg in the morning and 10mg early afternoon. I wish I had been prescribed this medicine years ago. I drive a truck for a living but I also do a lot of self study (audio and printed books) and Ritalin has greatly increased my productivity with the latter and safety with the former. I experience VERY few side effects. My mind used to wander quite often, I just thought I had an active imagination, but it was a problem. I have not lost my ability to imagine or abstract yet I have lost of tendency to wander aimlessly into unrelated thought. I have also lost my ability to get lost so often while driving!"
Review of Strattera: "within the first week i started getting moderate then severe headaches, that nothing helped (tylenol, advil, aleve, aspirin, natural remedies etc) nothing touched them, and my adhd symptoms persisted  so they made my dose higher and the bigger the dose, the bigger the headache, until i couldn't stand it, and i just stopped taking it after 2 months of severe headaches, and they were so bad i couldnt tell if it worked for attention since i was too distracted by my headaches!  so i was getting distracted either way!  then finally after coming off for a month and being put on intuniv later, no more headaches! and i can actually focusalthough i don't speak for everyone,  there should really be a warning of severe headaches on the label!!"
Review of Zenzedi: "The most reliable and consistent ADHD CNS I've ever taken! Their new instant release tablets they came out with recently, are really great. Instead of taking the usual four salts (Adderall), you have one (Dextroamphetamine Sulfate). My grades and focus went up about 30 percent after taking these on right dose. I've been stuggling with ADHD since I was 6 yro. Also, I take 30mg x 3 per day. I always joke with friends that dexy makes me feel sexy."
Review of Kapvay: "Depression for fifteen months hinged on the fact that my inattention was so bad. Every day it was constantly "OH MY GOD CAN'T DO ANYTHING." I had so many motivations and ambitions  for projects and was so overwhelmed by ADHD that I could not do any of it. All I can say is that I am really disappointed with Strattera... I fought and fought to get a stimulant to no avail and they finally gave me Kapvay for bedtime. It's been two weeks and my depression has finally lifted because my inattention and distraction is gone. They are symbiotic with each other. And now I can DO STUFF and not have to binge watch Impractical Jokers anymore. To ADHD I stand atop a tram in a superhero costume and say "SUCK IT!!!""
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 7 year old grandson has had great progress in school on Metadate 20 mg  combined with 2 mg Guanfacine.  He is focused and homework time and evenings are fine.  The only drawback is he's very grouchy and uncooperative when he wakes        up.  He has very little appetite until late evening and everyday at school his belly hurts."
Review of Daytrana: "Oldest son (now 11 1/2) known to us (and teachers) to have ADHD by 5 yrs of age. Did not want him on medicines, but by 2nd grade, he was not able to work to his potential. Tried Focalin. Made my sweet, funny child nauseous and zombie like. We both cried every morning while he took it. Tried for 2 months, said "forget it, not worth it. Next 4 years - no medicines at all, just great teachers and A LOT of work to keep his grades/other issues with ADD on track as best we could. EXTREMELY difficult especially for him to maintain/not stay stressed out at school/doing homework/projects/sports. Middle school began this year. Too much to handle without something. Began DAYTRANA-10 mg at Xmas. Works wonders for him! No side effects except less appetite!"
Review of Guanfacine: "My 6 year old son has Aspergers and ADHD. He takes Strattera and 3mg of Intuniv daily for about 3 months now.  While it seems as if I can actually get his attention now while before I could not hardly at all, he is still having trouble paying attention and completing work in school. He is getting in less trouble, fewer outbursts and staying in his seat. Though I feel I should credit that to the Strattera which he started just a month before the Intuniv. He can hold conversation now too. The big issue has been headaches and stomach pain, including vomiting and heartburn. He would say his stomach and chest burns and is hot. Well recently an ulcer was found. "
Review of Vyvanse: "My daughter has inattentive ADHD."
Review of Concerta: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD in Jan 2010.  Went on Concerta, lowest dose and it worked wonders from the first day, even his teacher thought he was a different child. His problem was focus. He wouldn't finish assignments.  For the first month or so he has some of the side effects. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "I started to take Concerta in 2010. I see a difference about my school behavior. My teachers think that I have improved at school."
Review of Aptensio XR: "I have been taking Aptensio now for 3 months. I have been diagnosed with ADHD now for about 2 1/2 years. I have taken just about every non stimulant and stimulant on the market.  I am currently taking 50mg of the Aptensio  once a day. I am finding myself still scattered brained and my memory is horrible. I think the pill is lasting about 6 hrs and then I have a hard come down making me a total witch! The one thing that I have noticed is that I have put 12 lbs. on in 3 months. I am constantly eating! I had my thyroid checked and it came back normal.  I have spoke with other people that say they are gaining weight on the pill as well."
Review of Concerta: "I've been taking concerta for 3 years now and I'm 18. I started out with 18mg and slowly went up to 54mg. My grades went from really low to average in weeks but the side effects are really crappy. I have troubles sleeping at night and I feel things that aren't there. I also have a big loss of appetite and have to force myself to eat sometimes. I have days where I get really depressed to the point that I don't want to get out of bed and do anything. I also feel really anxious and on edge and I start scratching/ picking at my skin which gave me scars all over my back. I thought about it and went off the pill and my grades suddenly dropped again. The pill really does help with focus and motivation but the side effects are really tough!!!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I started using the patch when I was about 9 and using it now. I'm 13. I was in the lowest classes and now I'm in the highest class in my grade. I used to have to sit in my room for 4 1/2 hours until I finished my homework. It got so bad sometimes that I didn't even finish my homework because It was getting too late. I couldn't hangout with friends. Now it only takes me about 30 mins to an hour to finish. This patch helps me throughout the day. I only use it on weekdays when I'm at school because I only use it when I have to finish a task. But during school I find my stomach rumbling in classes. I ate breakfast every morning, and tried to eat lunch but I loose my appetite. I find myself sweating during class also from not eating in the day."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was diagnosed with ADD about ten years ago. I was prescribed Concerta by my doctor and it wasn't an easy transition. I got tons of work done and all, but it killed my apetite during lunch hours and as a result I lost weight. As time went on I got more used to the medication and I've since regained my weight (for the most part, I've still got a high metabolism and as a result gaining any kind of weight is difficult for me) and can still focus on my schoolwork. Part of this can be attributed to getting older and all, but I think the medication has certainly helped. For reference, I'm a 6 ft tall guy who weighs around 125 lbs."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Today was my first day on Vyvanse 20mg and it was incredible how much it helped my ADD symptoms! I felt motivated, confident, energetic, and very focused. I was able to complete a ton of school work in such a small amount of time. It feels like I get zoned in when I work on things, even if they're things I don't enjoy. My vision had major changes which was weird because it was like my eyes were finally opened?? My vision was so bright and colors were EXTREMELY vivid, it was like the whole world around me was alive. Effects of the medication started after just 10 minutes of taking it and it really kicked in about 1 hour after that. Would definitely reccomend."
Review of Desoxyn: "Ask your doctor to prescribe you Desoxyn. It will change your life. I have had ADHD since I was 14. I am now 36 and I have tried almost all of the medications allowed to try for ADHD and found that Desoxyn had the least side effects of any of them. I know they have to list lots of side effects, however Desoxyn helped me concentrate, made me feel like I was ready for whatever the day was going to throw at me.  This medication is a lifesaver and a miracle. It had less side effects than the other ADHD medications."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Been using this medication for almost 2 years now, absolutely no side effects. Even noticed an improvement in general nervous system and HRV with the meds. Huge difference from the ritalin and concerta which gave me various allergic(increased body temps, skin issues) and "intimate" issues. No such issues with this medication. Using 60mg most of the year, but 30mg in summers, since I don't need that much when there is no requirements to what I need to get done. Lowering dose also helps with sociability for me, whereas higher doses gives me extreme focus and drive to stay on task."
Review of Concerta: "I am a college student and found that for the first two months, Concerta worked wonders. It improved my mood, attention, and energy. It even helped with headaches. However, as I write this at 3 am, the side effect of sleep disruption has become unbearable. I either don't sleep for days or sleep for 20 hours a day for a week. Don't write it off, though. It is definitely effective and adjusting the dose may do the trick."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Took 18mg Concerta for 5 days. On day two, I woke up and cleaned and tidied the whole house, my partner thought something was wrong with me! Then the side effects came... Nausea, depression, anxiety. By the time I was coming down at around 3pm I had to stay at home, I was unable to drive my car or even just go out. My doc wanted to try me on 5mg Ritalin 3x a day quick release but I refused. After reading the reviews on here about dexamphetamine I started them this morning. 5mg 3x a day. Hopefully this will be the one for me."
Review of Strattera: "Worst treatment I've tried, may even exacerbate ADHD symptoms. Causes depression, fatigue and anxiety without even working to improve concentration. Don't even feel or act like myself since I started this med. People even know something is wrong when they talk to me. Trying to stop/change treatment, but Doctor only wants to keep me on this med until college semester is over. Have tried Concerta before, worked somewhat."
Review of Intuniv: "After being diagnosed with PDD/ADHD, it was suggested that my son (then 5) try Intuniv.  Initially, he was extremely lethargic, not being able to get out of bed.  This was only a day or two.  We noticed a difference within days and a completely focused child!  However, after a few weeks he was becoming extremely obsessed with germs constantly washing his hands.  We counted 14 times in a 15 min span!  His poor little hands were raw and chafed a bright red.  It didn't matter, he kept washing.  Our pediatrician referred us to a psychiatrist (as he had never experienced this side effect) and the psych said that it was due to the PDD.  We took him off.  If it hadn't been for the side effects, the Intuniv worked quite well."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am currently a junior in high school on concerta going onto 4 years with it and I can honestly say it does work very well. It helps me focus a lot and you can see the results inflicted on my academics and how good they got. But the side effects are the down fall of course. I get insomnia and I lose my appetite completely for a whole day. And on top of that I feel emotionless, like a robot that all it wants to do is study and focus. It takes a toll on social life, but I guess that's the price we all have to go through when taking medications."
Review of Bupropion: "I am 43 years old & was diagnosed with ADD at age 24. I have taken a variety of drugs to treat the ADD, but with no success. Started taking Wellbutrin 300mg 5 years ago & will take it till the day I die. Life changing. More focussed, clear headed, juggling less thoughts simultaniously, less stressed, no more mood swings, feel I have more control over my life, etc. When I started taking it, I had terrible side-effects, insomnia being the worst. But I stuck it out & only at 6 weeks felt the difference. Will highly recommend for ADD!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "I definitely noticed a difference while taking Strattera. The symptoms of my ADHD have improved indefinitely. I feel less withdrawn from reality, increased self esteem and better focus. The 25mgs gave me insomnia. With the 40mg I stopped noticing the benefits of Strattera and noticed more of the side effects (dizziness, hot flashes, etc). 60mg seemed to be the most effective for me. But after a week of taking the 60mg, I didn't go a day without nausea. The nausea was so bad that it practically cancelled out the benefits of Strattera. This is just what happened in my case. I would recommend this medication in hopes that the side effects aren't as bad for others."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I started taking Adderall a few months ago. It has really helped me at work and home. At work I sit at a desk, work on a computer and talk on the phone. I have many things going on at once and Adderall has helped me focus and gives me the energy that I need. Sitting at a desk and staring at a computer can make you tired.  Also, it gives me focus on the many tasks I am doing at once.  After work I go home to a wife and a 20 month old, full of energy and active child. My wife works as well, so we are both tired when we get home. After work, there is still a lot of work to be done. With the child, household work and yard work. Overall Adderall is working well. Only draw back is if I take to late in the day, it is hard to fall asleep a night."
Review of Adderall: "I have had ADHD for as long as I can remember. My first real memory is when I was an altar boy. I would go to the church but could never concentrate on what I was supposed to be doing. I would forget pretty much everything and was just sort of walking through things as a zombie. Every time I had to serve a mass I had to rework everything in my brain. This went on for years through school where I couldn't pay attention and I would actually ask the same question two or three times. I did not find Adderall until later in life because when I was young it was not available. After taking 15 milligrams of the instant release twice a day my life changed for the better. I was able to concentrate for the first time. Not covrd by ins as am +20"
Review of Modafinil: "Excellent drug I have been taking it now 1.5 years.  Before  I was taking Adderall 30mg ER for  my Traumatic Brain Injury from auto accident 2007.   From the accident  I went into a coma and suffered head injuries to the Frontol Lobe.  Recently I stopped the Adderall and feel much calmer and happy without the side effects of Adderall. Now I am just taking Modafinal 200 mg. I gained about 8lbs in the first three weeks to a stable weight which is OK but my brain is much clearer. I'm fortunate I don't have to pay for Modafinal as I'm totally disabled and have Chronic Fatigue Syndrome due to Opioids. I have not been taking them for  25 years due to work related injuries from a Government Law Enforcement Job.  The CFS is opioid induced so my WC Doctor writes it for that.."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have been on Strattera for 5 weeks now. I'm 48 years old and have been treated for bipolar and anxiety  disorders from the age 19, have tried dozens of med combinations and have been hospitalized a few times when unable to cope. This last time a therapist suggested it may be ADHD and doctor put me on 40mg... its a night and day difference. I have never in my life had this kind of clarity and focus and other then dry mouth and a bit of a lost appetite side effect which is much better then past combinations."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My daughter was 6 when she started it and her school work has improved dramatically. The only side effect is that she is not hungry, and we have to force her to eat. At 5:30pm when it wears off, she is hungry and distracted."
Review of Methylphenidate: "At 55 years of age I am diagnosed with ADHD.  It was something I always knew about myself (have Bsc Psych).  However, historic issues of sexual abuse at school caused issues / depression / PTSD.  I was first given Citalopram and diazepam.  I cannot say with certainty it helped a lot.  However, once diagnosed with adult ADHD I was prescribed Ritalin LA. It has been nothing short of a miracle for me. Up early, happier, and getting on with life as best I can. Some minor side effects went away as I continued. Also changed to a decent DE-CAFF coffee.  Caffinated make me anxious and cancels the positives. Was easy to do. I see Ritalin LA as a positive for my depression."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I would have only good things to say about Strattera if I could have got pass the constipation that started after week three."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Used for ADHD treatment in my 8 year old daughter.  We had to increase her dosage to last the school day.  Only real pitfall is it comes in a glass bottle and not easily transported.  We switched to a pill that I can keep on hand....for mornings when ADD mom forgets :-)   ALSO stupid expensive unless you get the $20 copay card from your DR.  They will send you another after 12 uses.  Did have to get authorization from insurance for this med."
Review of Daytrana: "My 11 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD since kindergarten.  That is usually when parents can start to confirm their suspicions of their child's behavior with the observation of an outside party such as a teacher.  We started with the usual, very mild Strattera...to no avail.  We didn't really know what we were looking for.  We were so very sad and scared that he would become a 'zombie' as most people describe it.  Nothing worked from Strattera, Concerta (gave him tics), Clonidine (high blood pressure medicine that supposedly works for ADHD), etc. DAYTRANA 40mg has been the miracle drug for our little boy.  He has been on it for about 1 1/2 years now.  He can sit and do homework, crossword puzzles, and word finds! Absolutely love it, no more mean Morgan!"
Review of Focalin: "This medication has been a God send in some ways. I am an adult executive that suffers from ADD/ADHD and I use the XR version of this on an as needed basis, usually when I have lots of mundane paper work to get through that would never otherwise get done due to my lack of ability to naturally focus on tasks like that."
Review of Daytrana: "My son has has great results with this patch. He is 7, and on the 10 mg. He definitely has loss of appetite during the day, and it's hard to get him to sleep at a reasonable time, but he has had a complete turnaround at school. Since I know all ADHD meds have the same side effects I stated, my only real complaint is how it irritates his skin. He has taken it off several times due to itchiness (which does seem to go away after a couple hours). As for getting the backing off, I "warm it" between my palms for a minute or two, and peel from the pointed part of the backing. Works perfectly."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I used to sleep for like 12 to 24 hours straight very often for 2 years. I would sometimes fall asleep at work at dinner time. That caused me to be inattentive, distracted and sometimes more rarely sugar high hyperactivity sort of speaking. Now ever since then my problem is solved I can get up early and perform my task like normally so it works very well for both narcolepsy and ADD/ADHD. It could even work for depressed subjects. It should be obvious enough that you're all set to go whether its to go to school and working at same time or full time job."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Meh. I was on Vyvanse, 70 mg/day & switched to Mydayis 25 mg/day. NOT what I was hoping for. Not by a Long Shot. While it "lasts longer" than VYVANSE (was on Vyvanse for years) which only gave me about 5/6 hours in the end, it gives me MUCH LESS motivation. Makes me depressed. I'm Very Sorry I did not only get Only a 2 week supply rather than 1 month. I have no insurance & it was about $100 more than Vyvanse. Needless to say, I will request Vyvanse again at my next appt. BIG DISAPPOINTMENT."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Never had so many thoughts really down thoughts as I did well on this medication. Also, daily dosage only lasted 4-6 hours before effect decreased rapidly. Generic Adderall lasts longer with no downers. This one was not the godsend I had hoped it would be."
Review of Strattera: "I am 15 years old girl and this was the first medication I ever took for my ADD and I don't even know if it worked for my ADD symptoms. But I do know the side effects of Strattera were all I had. I was depressed, numb, sleepy, could not eat and had anxiety. It felt like I wasn't on earth I was out in space numb to the world."
Review of Metadate CD: "My son is 7 and has been on this medicine for a year now.  We tried everything before putting him on medicine.  We started out with 10mg and really saw no effect.  He is now on 20mg and it is amazing!  It does wear off before we get home in the evening.  Homework time is a disaster!  But, we have had no side effects and no wieght loss.  Without Metadate CD he couldn't finish anything.  He's doing great in school this year!  It's so hard to deal with him in the evening; but, it helps us get through the day."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have gone through alot of medications so far and I am completely frustrated with the extended release medications. I was so happy to start my son on Vyvanse because of the advertisement stating it last for 12  hours. Not so, it last probably 5 hours, why take extended medication if you have to give an afternoon dose? He has been on up to 70 mg of Vyvanse for a year now and I am thinking of switching him to a different medication. Vyvanse does take care of his hyperactivity but, the lack of attention and defiance is still there.  Also, the medication takes 90 minutes to kick in. The doctor told me to give him a booster dose (10 mg. of Adderall) with the Vyvanse to kick in earlier, does not work. "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "26y/o male 5'9 170lb taking vyvanse for 6-7 years. Started with 30mg now on 60mg. I had previously been given everything else for ADHD but nothing stuck long term. Vyvanse has helped, coupled with regular exercise and healthy eating habits. "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Takes about an hour to two hours before affects take hold. Ability to focus and think clearly become apparent. Some shortness of breath here and there. I'm fit and active. Increased symptoms of PMS during cycle."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Took it from 7-12 years old. When stopped, grades went down and gained weight. Taking it now again at 21. My gosh. First day back on it and wow."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 21 years old  5'7 and 115 lbs. and I am currently taking 20mg in the morning.I've only been taking the medicine for about two weeks but I've noticed a lot of changes. Positives: I'm getting my work done, staying motivated, I'm focused on the road when I'm driving now and I don't forget little details like I was before.Negatives: zero appetite- I have to force myself to eat, minor nausea, easily aggravated. It also altered my menstrual cycle. I am still yet to start my period but I've never been irregular- starting on the exact same days of each month since always. My mood has COMPLETELY changed in the 2 weeks. I'm severely depressed now and mildly suicidal. Can't tell if these side effects are worth it"
Review of Methylphenidate: "This drug works. I'm a senior at high school and ever since I was in Elementary School I have had grades ranging from D-F.All through school I had problems paying attention and in recent years (9th grade) I was put on concerta and I have had nothing but good grades and teachers were amazed at how good I'm doing now. THANKS CONCERTA."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have used a lot of different ADD/ADHD medications. Concerta works okay. It helps my concentration, organization, and memory only a very small amount. But it makes me very tired and moody. Overall, it's not worth it for me and I will be taking Adderall again next month."
Review of Concerta: "I have been diagnosed with 4 separate and distinctly different forms of depression. In addition to my taking Wellbutrin, I am taking 68mg of Concerta daily.  I have had at least 5 other ADHD medications over the course of the past year. Concerta is definitely the best of all of them.  I have experienced little side effect to this medication.  My side effects come from the Wellbutrin.  Concerta should be considered for any one who suffers from ADHD or depression.  It is a great drug."
Review of Vyvanse: "My son was DX with ADHD in Kindergarten.  We have tried several different medicines.  Vyvanse has been the best one yet.  He is calmer and more focused in class.  As with the other drugs he does experience side effects: no appetite, a little on the moody side.  Overall this has been the best medicine we have tried to date."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 20 yrs old and I have been taking Vyvanse for about 2 years now ...I take 60mg about the same time each morning and it really does wonders in helpig me concentrate and getting everything done both at home and school. I've noticed a BIG difference in myself on the days I do take it and on the days I don't. Only side effects are the loss of appetite, headaches from not eating (from the loss of appetite), dry mouth, irritability and now I have depression.. Don't know if I should lower my dosage now or maybe it's from another cause."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My experience with the drug is somewhat unclear to me. I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 23, I'm 24 now. In that time I have trialled a series of drugs. Atomoxetine, Methylphenidate and now Vyvanse. Out of the lot, I would say this one has probably been the best. However, as time progressed I felt the effects of the medication deteriorate which is sad and frustrating. It almost feels like it only ups my mood (not tackle symptoms). However, the first time I took it was amazing. My ability to concentrate was unbelieveable! I felt a strong sense of motivation/confidence in what I had produced. Sadly this was limited and the positive effects began to deteriorate as time progressed. I will never forget the first period though, it was liberating"
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 55 years old and was diagnosed with ADD only last year.  I changed from Adderall XR to Vyvanse and after 3 weeks, I am having anxiety and total lack of focus.  It seems to make me more agitated and more easily distracted.  There is definitely not a "focus" benefit for me on this drug."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I have been on Dexedrine XR 2 15mg in morning for 19 years and I don't know what I wound do without it. When I go a day with it I just can't seem to get my everyday living done I feel scatter brain my thoughts don't make sense some time and I feel like my brain cant keep up with itself and that is no way to live. I'm so thankful for this medicine because without I don't know where I would be in life. "
Review of Vyvanse: "Diagnosed with ADHD at age 8, I have tried Strattera, Concerta, Adderall, & Ritalin (all had a zombie effect to no effect). It wasn't until mid 8th grade that I was prescribed Vyvanse. A miracle as far as my school performance, grades went from C's & D's to straight A's. Not only did I actually WANT to take it, Vyvanse compelled me to ace my schoolwork, resulting in consistent grades of 95  (the only downside being that it induced OCD behavior.) However, while I started at 40mg, I steadily increased to 70mg (max dose) by the end of 10th grade. I have since graduated high school, but due to the tolerance I built up to the medicine it no longer affects me nearly as well as it did before. Though I still recommend it to anyone with ADHD."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been on over half of the ADHD medications on the list, and all of them either made it worse, or added on to the tic the first medication gave me. I started taking Concerta about two years ago, and I remember improving in school greatly. It works fast, and helps a lot"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was diagnosed with A.D.D and I've been using Adderall for just over 2 years now. My 9th year of school I finished with a very low GPA just over a 1.0 and finished most of my classes with either Fs or Ds but this past year that I was able to get my medicine I was awarded AB Honorle And passing every class with an A except 2 Bs. The mass improvement of my ability to focus and actually want to work actually made the principal think I was cheating since i've had such a bad school record (For grades)"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have used many ADHD medicines in the past and I never knew what attention I was lacking without vyvanse. The first week of taking 30mg is very different from the following weeks. In the first week I felt very conscious of the effects and it felt great but the following weeks felt like I was lacking. I am 18 years old so I had an upcoming SAT so I took 2 of my 30mg pills. I am 150lbs and In retrospect it was a bad idea. The whole day of the SAT I felt explosive energy and extremely motivated to work on questions. I am now on the first day of prescribed 60mg and I have a much greater work motive and I am constantly fueled with new productive ideas for tasks to complete. If you feel like you are lacking in motivation for work I recommend it"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was told by psychologist I scored highest she has ever seen for adhd and doctor put me on 30mg and it does nothing.  I don't want an increased dose of this med i want something else.  Waste of my time."
Review of Quillivant XR: "My son was prescribed this at the age of five. It work well on his ADHD, the bad thing about it was that it made his see things that weren't there. He would hallucinate very badly. So we had him taken off and was put on a new medicine."
Review of Intuniv: "I agree with the other reviewer that this drug has minimal side effects.  However, my 7 yr old son has a significant rash, which Doctors suspect may be from the Intuniv.  The rash is not itchy, just unattractive and widespread. We have been using the Intuniv for 2 1/2 weeks, but may have to stop due to the rash.Here's the results we've seen on this medication:  better moods, less aggression, only minimal improvement with attentional/focus issues, and slight improvement in impulsivity.  Sleepiness has NOT been an issue, even though I had read many reviews and the label that said it might be.  My son has taken every ADHD drug out there except two (literally) and this one is very gentle on the body in comparison (except for the rash)."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a male and 42 yrs old. I am an ASM in retail and a husband and father of four kids. The doctor prescribed 30 mgs the first two months and upped the meds to 40 mgs. I have only been on them for 5 months. I have seen and felt a huge change in my life style. I am more focused at home and especially at work. I am Mr. Mom and won't stop cleaning at home. I even cut and edge my neighbor's front yard. I lost 10 lbs and now weigh 197.  I do feel myself get upset faster though. Because I feel that, I also stop and calm myself down. So far I have no complaints....yet."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was put on Ritalin 10mg three times a day, then on Concerta 27mg. I didn't have any side-effects until I went to 36mg and I was only losing my appetite. I went back down and it still is really helping my concentration. I finish my work on time and am able to work to a higher level of work."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "It helps keep me calm and focused at work. I do suffer insomnia if I don't take my daily dose consistently. I tried to stop taking it and my metabolism took a severe nose dive even though I never had weight problems before. I did lose about ten pounds when I started taking it but it leveled off and I was able to maintain a healthy weight. I would have liked to try a more natural approach to managing my ADD but the weight gain has added depression and therefore I'm back on it."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "During school I struggled with learning, despite hard work I barely graduated. By the time I reached High School I wanted to give up. As an adult I experienced the same difficulties in employment. I became depressed, almost gave up. Fortunately I was tested for ADD. Diagnosis revealed severe ADD.  Within an hour of taking first dosage, my brain seemed to turn on and function at it's optimum potential. I felt truly alert, focused and clear headed. I found I could complete tasks competently. With out Adderall I'm useless. Adderall has improved my focus ability and competency in every aspect of life. It's a battery for my brain. I am dependent on Adderall for full functioning capacity. My well being and livelihood is compromised with out this medicine."
Review of Amphetamine: "Much better than vyvanse. A lot smooth and MUCH more consistent."
Review of Vyvanse: "My name is Sydney and I'm 17 junior in high school. I started Vyvnase in Feb. this year. I started out on 30 mg, then went up every ten mg and now im prescribed 60mg.In the first week I was using Vyvanse I noticed a huge difference in everything. I could focus so much more on every thing. Comparing my 1st semester and 2nd semester of high school last year, I had an F and failed one class and had mostly B's and C's. My second semester of last school year when I started taking the Vyvanse my grades increased amazingly. Almost all A's and B's. Since I suffer from ADD, Vyvanse has made such a great impact on my life."
Review of Zenzedi: "I take two 20mg a day (one in the morning and one in the afternoon). Details:-20 y/o female-diagnosed ADD for  4 years-tried Adderall (worked decently, bad crashes) and methylphenidate (nausea, motion sickness, didn't help ADD) -other conditions: severe depression, OCDPROS:-extremely helpful, like night and day-no jitter, tremor, etc-no crashCONS:-reduced appetite-*have to special order through Target pharmacy because most places don't keep it in stock"
Review of Metadate CD: "Our son has gone through 3 other medicines, and this is the only one that has worked with no side effects.   We have noticed that it wears off at the end of the school day, so after school activities are a little more challenging.   He struggles a little in the evening, since it's definitely worn off by then, but what it does for him in school is great.  We're looking into options to help him in the evening without messing up his sleep."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: ". I'm currently 15 yrs old and and this is the second add/adhd meds I've been on. In highschool I feel that it's very important to succeed. Due to me going untreated for my entire childhood, I dropped out. I'm back in school now and it's been 2 years. If it gets to the point where you want to drop out I suggest add medication. But if you have a 3-10 year old I highly don't suggest it. When my brother was 4-7/8 he was on it. He would always try to kill me and my mother. He would hurt animals and kids at school. He was quiet and had no emotion or expression. Tried to kill himself many times. To this day he is now 18 and 5'8 when he is supposed to be over 6ft because our genes. Highly do not recommend unless this is the last resort for a child"
Review of Strattera: "Took it for a month. It caused a great deal of anxiety, sweating, and nausea. "
Review of Focalin XR: "My son is 13 and was put on Focalin for his ADHD when he was about 7 years old. It did not make him a zombie at all. My ex=husband was very concerned that it would do what Ritalin did to him. Focalin for my son just calmed him down enough to do his class work . He was first just taking one in the mornings and then as he got older and got more class work to do we realized that it was not lasting him so he got put on a low does for in the afternoon. He grades improved so much and yet he still had a lot of energy to blow through."
Review of Adderall: "I was on Adderall XR 20 mg for about 6 months, and then developed hives.  Could've been the bottle, could've been a delayed reaction (sulfa allergies).  I don't know, but it was perfect until then. Decreased appetite, yes, but that's not negative as far as I'm concerned.  Doc switched me to Vyvanse XR, and I can tell you that while you will focus, it's not as focused as when on Adderall (at least for me).  Decreased appetite but nothing like with Adderall.  I've also been on Evekeo (10 mg) tablet.  I've only tried that once, and while it will definitely stimulate you (closer to Adderall), I find there's really not hyper focus.  Just a lot of movement and staying awake.  If you haven't tried it yet, I would go with Adderall XR first."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been on this med for 12 days, so far i haven't seen a difference, in fact I'm thinking my Dr gave me a placebo. I have been very tired and sleeping more. I have tried Dexedrine and Concerta which I feel, worked better, but was harsh. I hope in time I will see the benefits."
Review of Adzenys XR-ODT: "Adzenys is the first stimulant medicine I've ever tried, I went through a very bad deprrssion from a car accident & working out, eating right & trying every antidepressant just made me even more depressed. Since taking adzenys I'm back to my old happy, energetic self! I don't have add or adhd so I can't comment on that but I do know this has helped me get over most of my depression & helped me to get back to working out & just got me of the couch & out of my rut. The energy was so immense the first week and then I started to get used to it which I've quite enjoyed, I'm not running around like a mad woman but I have the energy & the drive to be my normal self again. At first I had insomnia for a week but Benadryl helped for sure!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son started Concerta 18mg a little over a year ago at 9 yrs old. What a positive change for him!! His self-esteem was back and he was social and smiling all the time. Made new friends easily and enjoyed things other than video games and TV. Lately, we have noticed a change...his concentration is not as good, he has trouble getting organized at school and likes to stay in his room for hours at a time. He reminds me of the kid he was before medication. April 1st, we have an apt with the pediatrician and I am assuming we will up the dose to 27mg and hopefully find our happy boy again! We have also tried Biphentin, which did not work for us. Concerta has been a life saver and I hope it will continue to be with the proper dosage :)"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "When I was in grade school I had a real hard time learning. I could not pay attention in class. My mind was always wandering. I was always daydreaming and looking out the windows, I could not retain any information. I was forgetful and bored. My grades were always C's and D's no matter how hard I tried. I was always fidgety, had a hard time sitting still, always twirling my hair or shaking my legs or feet. I hated school, I felt so dumb. As I got into high school I was so far behind I gave up trying. When I started driving I would go through red lights, stop signs etc. I was just daydreaming all the time. I kept losing my car keys, my glasses, forgetting where I put them. I am out of space, but Adderal saved my life! I am 59. No side effects"
Review of Strattera: "Since I've been on strattera I've felt tired & listless -- I can't even work up enough energy for essentials like laundry & dishes. I've been on it for 5 months. My worst side effects are nausea, fatigue, irritability, and strange dreams. It feels like I start dreaming before I even fall asleep and it's driving me crazy. In typical ADHD fashion I forgot my meds at work over the weekend & had to go without -- I woke up at 4am to the worst headache I've ever had. I have an appointment on Wednesday & will be doing my damnedest to get my doc to switch me to a different med. I think it did a little for my ADHD but I also upped my coffee intake while I was on this med."
Review of Adderall: "Adderall has totally brought my life into focus. I started taking it about 6 months ago I'm 39 now and really wish I had this medicine as a kid. In addition to ADD I had severe anxiety and depression as a child/teenager. Adderall has given me focus, lifted my general mood, taken my anxiety away and made me a productive human being. I'm actually starting my own business! The only bad thing is that you really have to be careful of how much you take because it can have the opposite effect i.e. severe anxiety and no focus but if you take it the right way it will change your life! One other bad thing is the stigma surrounding the medicine and being treated like an addict by some pharmacists."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "It's alright, nothing special"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "This medication was basically my "savior." I was diagnosed in the Fall semester of my junior year of college and I was put on Adderall XR. I was a mess on the Adderall. I started 50 mg of Vyvanse and I take it everyday for work and school. It's amazing. The only real side effect I have is that I am more talkative. I love that you do not feel the peaks (with time release) with Vyvanse."
Review of Daytrana: "When my son couldn't swallow, the patch was the perfect alternative for his ADD. He never did have the hyperactivity. We used it for years but he developed a nasty allergic skin reaction to it and we had to stop using it. We miss the ease of it and the simplicity of the 8am-6pm use of it. By bedtime he was ready to sleep. With Concerta he has to take Benadryl to help him sleep. If only they could have fixed that problem"
Review of Desipramine: "This drug seemed to help my pain although the side effects I experienced outweighed the relief. I started with one 10 MG tablet per day for one week. On the second week I increased to 20 MG per day. At the end of the second week I noticed a difference in pain. I was having stomach aches, dizziness, constipation, loss of appetite, an in body shakiness and my voice was weak and kind hoarse.Although my pain was considerably less by the third week I felt all I could do was lay and hope the terrible feelings I was having would go away. I was unable to even make it to work at all on the third week. My lips were dry, swollen and I woke up to them cracked and bleeding."
Review of Nuvigil: "I went undiagnosed with severe ADHD for 20 years because another problem was complicating the diagnosis.  I had been taking various energy drinks in an effort to concentrate.  Just a few days ago, I was given a prescription for Nuvigil.  Wow.  This stuff hit me like a mac truck! It was unlike anything I have ever experienced.  For once, I actually had the drive and motivation to organize things and get things done.  I immediately proceeded to straighten every single thing in my room, down to the last bits of lint on the carpet.I like the new me.  I hope it lasts."
Review of Concerta: "My daughter see and hear things that are not there.  She has been taking concerta 36mg for over a year.  But all of a sudden, she is so scared of everything.  "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have been on everything from Concerta to Wellbutrin to Vyvanse. Next to Vyvanse, Adderall XR has been the most helpful. If I take it any later than noon, I will absolutely have insomnia. I also have to be careful about the foods I eat, and especially try to avoid my multi-vitamin in the morning (because of the citric acid). It doesn't decrease my appetite, sometimes I feel like it increases it, but it prevents me from binge-eating. I take 20mg Adderall XR with 25mg of Zoloft and though it helps with my OCD tendencies that Adderall is likely to cause, I don't think the combination works as well as Adderall XR by itself. I will also occasionally have heart palpitations, but that's usually a sign that I need to limit my coffee intake!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "56 yrs old. Tried Ritilin 15 years ago but stopped halway thru my first prescription because there was an edginess for me. I've experienced too many jobs and excuses since then so i've just started on Vyvance. Its just four days but my mind is focussed, not hyper just comfortably clear. I'm very happy to be so productive. Eating well, sleeping well. I will add an update in a month."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Got this for ADD and my chronic fatigue. It changed me. Grades in school went from 60s-80s, I could actually focus long enough to plan my life and pay attention. Only problem I had was the tolerance, although my dosage was raised and now I can take it regularly without feeling it, it made it really hard to sleep if I took it to late, and if the dosage is too high, or you are just starting, you get a really unpleasant buzz. Even though that buzz makes you super motivated and lets you get stuff done, it makes it really hard to relax and makes you more prone to panic attacks."
Review of Guanfacine: "My son is 8 and was diagnosed with ADHD recently, this is the first medication he has taken.  We started at 1mg working or way up to 3mg, and it's taken in the evening around 5pm. Once at 3mg, my son was extremely sleepy. Even falling asleep in class and in the bus ride home. He was emotional about everything. Even looking for toys, he would cry. He also experienced terrible tummy aches. He became very irritable, I'm guessing because he was sleepy. I had his Dr lower the dosage to 2mg and he is becoming that little guy I know again! He's still kind of sleepy but not as bad and his teacher is noticing a big improvement in his focus at school. We are still working out the kinks but I am hopeful! Best of luck to you all!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "From school right through to starting college I was a lone wolf. Didn't like many people, got into a lot of fights. Was not bothered about doing well. People only stuck by me because they were scared of me. At the age of 16 I got into smoking a lot of weed and made myself even more of an outcast. Turned into a brain dead idiot. One day I tried amphetamines or 'speed' as its known as. Everybody else got high, I got a better job. Went back to college, became really popular, got girlfriends etc.. Eventually all that went down hill as street drugs are unpredictable. Went Doc's for help, was diagnosed with ADHD apparently had it all my life.vDoc put me on concerts 56mg daily. Pretty much the same effects as the speed. Love it   no sides:)"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "This is for my 10 y.o. Daughter diagnosed with ADHD, primarily inattentive.  After trying 4 other drugs we finally settled on this one because it had less side effects. The only thing we don't like is the efficacy of the XR capsule (Mylan), it doesn't start as fast as other medications so she is inattentive during her first class and is almost completely worn off by the time she gets home from school which makes homework difficult."
Review of Methylphenidate: "After years of being treated for the secondary effects of ADHD (depression, anxiety), the primary disorder and everything else has disappeared. I am a better me. Able to concentrate, to carry a conversation, to complete responsibilities, to maintain relationships (control my "tourettes", so to speak)...and I  have yet to lose my personality. I'm on the lowest amount (mg) possible to make a difference. Maybe that makes a difference in the blunting of the personality. I read a lot of complaints of it killing ones personality and I do not experience that at all. I have no side effects. No problem with sleep, or weight. Everything has been an improvement."
Review of Vyvanse: "I love Vyvanse. It helps me concentrate and helps me in school to work faster and harder. When I get home I immediately start homework and then I just chill with the family until bedtime when I'm tired. I did have insomnia but that went away within about a week. Now I sleep like a baby again and it helped me finally start working out which I have been planning to do for almost 2 months now. Also, I went from struggling to get D's to easily making A's in all classes. I recommend this medicine."
Review of Desoxyn: "Been taking this more than half my life, I've tried literally everything for ADHD and Chronic SEVERE Major Depression Disorder, you name it, I've tried all the ADHD meds and antidepressants available in Northern America, none work except for Desoxyn. Once I started Desoxyn and settled on a dose that worked for me, I haven't had to increase my dosage in ALL of my years of taking it, furthermore, I have absolutely NO side effects. An absolutely huge contrast to lesser amphetamines like dextroamphetamine etc, all of which produced nothing but negative side effects, and constantly would require dose increases to make up for their inefficacy, which just increased my side effects. So when I was young I asked my psychiatrists to RX it to me. 10/10"
Review of Ritalin: "Taking 20mg of Ritalin three times per day for my ADHD symptoms was less effective than taking regular caffeine."
Review of Methylphenidate: "1. Prescribed Ritalin 7 years ago.2. Therefore speaking from experience.3. Please be careful (specially mothers of little children)4. This substance can be abused.5. It promotes false sense of euphoria.6. Might be very tempting for curious or emotionally unstable people.7. I do understand, if used properly, it does help to calm children's with ADD down but trust me its schedule 2 drug for a reason.8. It's a very strong substance.9. It affects consciousness and if abused can make you greedy, lusty and delusional.10. To me during the times of my abuse, a few pills of Ritalin daily made me feel like I was on cocaine. 11. Even if your child doesn't abuse it, long term damage is done, quitting cold turkey might be a tragedy."
Review of Adderall: "Finally I was diagnosed with ADD as an adult after struggling my whole life with ADD.  I was put on Adderall and my life changed 100% for the better.  I think this is a wonderful medication for those with ADD!"
Review of Pemoline: "Doctors would often laugh when they heard which medication I was taking for ADHD: Cylert, I was on a "kid dosage": 37.5 mg, 1 in the morning. I was diagnosed with Attention Deficit as a young adult. I'd struggled my whole life with social anxiety, depression, impulsiveness, inability to remain in stable relationships. Maintained a good GPA through my Junior year in University and couldn't tolerate one more year. I'd always been creative and quickly learned what interested me. I was shocked when Cylert was blackboxed. My liver function was fine and I had a normal sex drive. After decades of demanding high-tech jobs, one day Cylert just quit working. Ritalin..finally Adderall. Both killed my sex drive. BUT I could focus! Switching to Dexedrine ER."
Review of Intuniv: "My son is 4 years old. I knew from a very young age he had ADHD because I see the same behaviors in my husband and he was diagnosed as a child. It did take some getting used to. Like others have said he was tired, and emotional at first. He has been on Intuniv for about 6 months now and I have seen great improvement. He has next to no aggression, he focuses a good bit better but I still feel that could still improve. Impulsive behavior gone he started caring about his actions and other peoples feeling and now he actually cares if he is in trouble. I am pleased I feel like he is too young to try the heavier alternatives and for us we are happy with how he is doing."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My life has changed. I lived in the prison of my own mind which shackled me and withered my optimism like a flower deprived of water. But now I'm free. For the first time I know what it is like to want to do things and feel accomplished when they are done!"
Review of Focalin: "My 10 yr old son was diagnosed with ADHD 4 years ago. He has been taking Focalin 10mg for 2.5 years and it has been wonderful for him. He has steady good grades and his focus improved greatly. He only takes this during school days, not during weekends nor during the summer months. He understands it helps him even at 10 yrs. It is important, at least for our family, to ensure he's part of the treatment plan and feel in control of this as well. Also, my son communicates with us on how it makes him feel and the only worry I have when he's taking this is his loss of appetite or not eating enough. So we always have a good breakfast before school starts and he takes the pill on his own (of course I watch from a distance."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am on the IR version and I agree with the person who commented that you forget to eat.  I have lost 12 pounds over the last six months and I have to remember to eat.  As they stated I do get foggy headed and kind of high feeling at times, but when I eat something and remember to take my vitamins since I don't eat as much I am fine.  I am older and I did it so I could study for the CPA exam because I could not keep my mind focused on the study materials.  My work performance has improved phenomenally as well.  My boss noticed at my next review and even commented that I seemed different.  My attention to detail had improved and I was staying focused on my tasks so much better.  Makes me wish I had done something like this long ago."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "This medication definitely has its pros and cons. And being a prescribed patient to adderall/vyvance on and off for over 10 years, my strongest advice would be to take it AS NEEDED.  After about 6 months I noticed horrible effects from this medication. Insecurity, anti social, over analyzing EVERYTHING. I found that I was worse than I was on my own without the medication. I got weird and felt almost an out of body experience, but before the 6 month period I felt great."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My 5 year old daughter has been on 10 mg of Strattera daily for 3 days.  Her first dose was opened and in a prune and Apple sauce mixture....tummy ache in 30 minutes.  The second and third dose were in the capsule and a table spoon of chocolate pudding....she swallowed it and had no tummy pain....we are pleased, so far, and we got a good report from her teacher, today.  I had her say the alphabet tonight and she was more focused and did not mispronounce a single letter.  I am a FNP and WHNP so I have treated a lot of ADHD kids.  Our daughter's Psychiatrist suggested Strattera due to her new diagnosis and young age.  So far she is eating well and fast asleep, beside me.  I hope this continues to be a positive experience."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I am loving all these comments about this medication, and I thought I was the only one in the world who had these same issues. My 1lb 13 oz daughter had to have a tracheotomy in for 4 yrs got it removed and immediately began acting out, led to ODD and ADHD, went through all the medicines, I am a Nurse by the way. I found this and I am sticking to it, it does have appetite suppression effect, and only last 6 hours peak time. After 3pm after school it wears off and let me tell you its on until I give her clonidine 0.1mg tab at night(helps to sleep). I don't know where to go from here. Luck and God bless you all."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My daughter is 11 years old and she has been on 10mg of strattera for 28 days and has just jumped to 18mg. My concerns are the side effects. Skin rash, headaches and severe stomach cramps since going onto the higher dosage. Do I persist or take her off? Doctor wants me to persist but I am worried I am doing more harm. She battles to fall asleep taking pill at 6pm and in bed at 8:15pm. She cried every morning because she is tired. Should I be taking it in the morning?"
Review of Strattera: "Eighteen year old female, just started taking Strattera on Thanksgiving.  Slept through the entire day and night, had lucid dreams, woke up angry and crying.  I tried it a second day, Friday, and managed to stay awake (more due to the fact that I was reading a good book).  I refused to take it on Saturday because I was visiting family and I didn't want to be moody or drowsy around people that I get to see maybe twice a year.  Took it again this morning, barely managed to finish a short story before falling asleep in the car, which I have NEVER done before.  Still feeling the effects of it right now, got yelled at for falling asleep, still moody, still have homework to do.  I'll check back in a few days after school.  "
Review of Adderall XR: "My son had been on Adderall XR (25mg) for well over 6 years and it has really worked well for him. I would say the only side effect that was difficult to deal with was the lack of appetite.  However, after hitting the teenage years it has fallen back  into normal teenage young man trying to eat everything lol. On a very good note: my son finished his 8 th grade year with A's & B's as well as a 3.4 GPA and is now looking forward to attending high school in the fall."
Review of Adderall XR: "I am in my 30's and have been taking Adderall XR for three months.  Seriously what a difference I have seen in my life!  My mind is 100% more clear and I am so much more level headed and organized.  I wish I had gone to the doctor years ago for my ADHD, instead of just living with it. Now I am so happy to have the ability to control my thoughts and accomplish my goals.  I occasionally get insomnia, but I have had insomnia for most of my life.  I also have lost weight and didn't have much to lose, so I have to start eating even if I'm not hungry.  No other side effects for me."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I started taking adderall in 2012 to 2015 with a 15 month break in 2014 due pregnancy and breastfeeding. I was diagnosed with ADD as a child but held off on taking medication until I was 26. Adderall immediately helped with focus and even energy and motivation. I excelled at work and finally was able to complete tasks instead of starting them and trailing off to something else. In 2015 when I discontinued adderall, I was taking a pretty high prescribed dose of 30mg twice a day. I started noticing the cons of the come downs were outweighing the pros of when the medication was working. I had anxiety, irritability and extreme fatigue. They switched me to dex which was much smoother but has increased my BP. I try Vyvanse tomorrow."
Review of Ritalin: "I have been taking Ritalin for about a month now. It really helps me focus on things. But a downfall is, it is really hard to multi-task. I can only concentrate on one thing at a time, and that makes it very difficult for my school work. Also, I have had a huge loss in appetite. I am not hungry, EVER. During the month I have been on this medicine I have lost almost twenty pounds due to the fact that I never want to eat."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "Helpful."
Review of Strattera: "The only ADHD medicine that has worked for me without bad side effects. I've been on Ritalin, Adderal and Adderal XR."
Review of Vyvanse: "Very strong. The best ADHD medication."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been taking Concerta for over 5 years now. At first it helped me focus and get my mind together. It also kick started a great social life and got me A's through High School. After the first year though I took a downturn. I became almost emotion less and robotic like, that eventful social life degraded, and I felt like a complete loser. It's a terrible feeling. After 3 years of use I worked to get my social life back and slowly found it once again. Even though I was lacking feelings I learned how I could access my emotions through certain mental triggers. Now five years later my social life is siralling once again and I'm still getting A's, but instead of feeling robotic like I now get intense rushes and euphorias followed by depression."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I dont know how I feel about it. I'm 21, I was diagnosed with adhd this summer.  My grades went from c's and b's to A's and deans list.  I can't say I hate it, But i can't say I love it either. I use to be this free spirt girl who was bubbly and loved to go out with my friends..  Although, I did have issues with controlling my impulsive mood swings, I still was really happy. Since taking it the past 7 months, my friends call me the cave dweller. It's sad because I'm actually content with being alone. It use to drive me nuts. I'm almost scared to talk to people i dont know My social life has gone in the dump. Nothing bothers me. It makes me get really good grades, but it takes away the passion. I feel like a computer."
Review of Adderall XR: "My 8 year old daughter has ADD, she is not really hyper, just has an attention deficit. We started her on Focalin, and that turned her into a clingy, bashful, quiet kid. I can't say if it really helped her in school; I never saw an improvement. Then we switched to Adderall 10mg XR this past summer, and she is doing well. SHE even told me she liked this medicine because she can focus now. She still needs us to keep an eye on her but she is much better than she was."
Review of Ritalin: "This medicine is incredible. I've had ADD for about 20 years, as long as I've been alive and college has exacerbated the condition, so my neurologist prescribed Ritalin to me. This starts to wear off after about 2.5-3.0 hours, but it works absolute MIRACLES. The whole time before, whenever I tried to work, it was like I was seeing the world through warped glasses and my mind was just foggy, like it was full of ice and cotton, but now the entire world is beautifully, wonderfully clear! This is truly an amazing medicine, but be sure to follow your doctor's orders with it, as it can have side effects."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I started out taking the regular Adderall version, but it didn't last long and made me have horrible crash periods and steroid like rages. So far, the Adderall XR seems to be working better, but it does reduce my appetite substantially. I've had to start taking weight gain supplements to ensure that I maintain my proper weight. If I miss a dose, I feel pretty lethargic and extremely sleepy. However, the medication has allowed me to read and focus better than I ever have, and I seem more motivated. I'm also able to talk better with others, and my social skills have definitely improved."
Review of Ritalin LA: "At 55 years of age I am diagnosed with ADHD.  It was something I always knew about myself (have Bsc Psych).  However, historic issues of sexual abuse at school caused issues / depression / PTSD.  I was first given Citalopram and diazepam.  I cannot say with certainty it helped a lot.  However, once diagnosed with adult ADHD I was prescribed Ritalin LA. It has been nothing short of a miracle for me. Up early, happier, and getting on with life as best I can. Some minor side effects went away as I continued. Also changed to a decent DE-CAFF coffee.  Caffinated make me anxious and cancels the positives. Was easy to do. I see Ritalin LA as a positive for my depression."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 4th grade son began taking Concerta 2 1/2 weeks ago. It has been the best decision I ever made. His teacher says he is a completely different child. His funny personality remains but he is on task, finishes all his homework in class, and actually tells other children to quite down. I lamented for many, many months about whether or not to have him begin a stimulant. It is obvious that it was the right decision. I make sure he eats a hearty breakfast. He knows he needs to push himself to eat something at lunch and drink plenty of fluids. He did tell me he felt "prickles in his head" for the first 2 days. His teacher reported he was a little tired for a couple days as well. He says his mind is more clear and "not so jumbled". We're thrilled"
Review of Strattera: "My son five has ADHD and anxiety and still further diagnosing. He was on it for a month and half and he was so awesome on it. Dr did 40 mg a day and love how it works throughout whole day. Unfortantly insurance did not want to approve before age six and it cost over 370 dollars. I've gone through way too many medicines with him. Once he turns six you best to believe we are going right back to it!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall makes me always want to smoke cigarettes to relax and not shake so much. I have a love hate for it I love it but I hate that I have to depend on it everyday to do my daily tasks."
Review of Vyvanse: "Was recently diagnosed ADHD 32/F.  prior to this I was always told I was depressed and had gen anxiety disorder. Was put on numerous drugs (all failed) Zoloft being the latest for anxiety and it helped (150mg). Recently was put on 30mg of vyvanse (had to stop until I was pulled off Zoloft, they didn't mix well). Today's my first day on vyvanse (last night was my last dose of Zoloft) so I feel anxious and shaky. I know this will subside. For years I've always felt so exhausted because I wake up a lot at night. Today I cleaned my car, kitchen and showered all before 9am. I'm likening vyvanse so far lol. I will post at months end to give another review since I'm still in the grey from switching meds."
Review of Methylphenidate: "When I was 9 my grades dropped and remained at a c-b average compared to my usual a. It became harder to socialise and eventually I started skipping school 3-4 days out of the week. I had anxiety problems and was on the verge of depression. At the age of 12 my Mom in a last ditch effort put me on Concerta, which did not magically fix anything but within the next 2 years I was attending school regularly and my grades got better.(from an Asian family, grades are everything) I have to say I'm much better but I took a 8 month break and returned to a 36 dosage which makes me sick all day, headaches and problems sleeping. I can barely eat a half a meal without having to force it down."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Today was my first day taking Vyvanse and wow! I usually have a sad down feeling and don't want to talk to anyone. I am a 26 year old college student. But today I actually made two new friends from class and went to lunch with them. I feel like I can walk in a room with confidence now. The only bad thing is I did have a mild headache around 9 pm. After it wore off and it only lasted around 8 hours with a dry mouth I am on the 60 mg dose. The other great thing is I actually felt like being in class today and took 7 pages of notes and sat in the very front of the class and wasn't afraid to ask questions! I'm happy to have found Vyvanse and paying attention is so much easier now. Highly recommended for people with ADD."
Review of Amphetamine: "Dyanavel was a great for my son, much better than the Vyvance and it lasted the whole day.  Best part free for two months than $20 dollars there after!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "I'm a 47 year old female.  Dr. gave me the free packet that works up from 20mg to 80mg.  Took it for only about 3 weeks and then quit.  Did not notice any help with ADHD, although I may not have given it long enough.  However, the side effects were: increase in blood pressure, feeling my heart beating hard, sleepiness, getting winded very quickly from just walking less than a block.  This medicine is not for me.  Even though it is not a stimulant, it seemed to affect my cardiovascular system, and the symptoms were just not worth it."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 11 year old son just started taking Vyvanse 1 month ago and I can already see the differences in his grades. He would study and do homework all week and not retain any of the information and fail test after test. Since starting Vyvanse he has passed 3 tests. I wish I would have started him on it earlier. Downside - upset stomach if I dont make him eat right after taking it. So on our way out the door we have a vyvanese and a Trail Mix bar to coat the stomach. He gets a full 7 hours."
Review of Intuniv: "I took this for tics and ADHD.  I went up to 3 mg a day and felt horrible. Very tired and body aches. It helps somewhat with nervous tics but not that great and side effects were bad. I quit it after 1 week at 3mg. And I am 200 lb man and it still was too much for me. The 1 mg and 2 my doses didn't really do anything positive or negative."
Review of Strattera: "Can't tolerate stimulants, so only choice was non-stimulant medication.  It does work, and I've definitely noticed a difference.  First couple of days I'd get real sick for a couple of hours, pretty nauseated.  But that went away after a while.  For the first two months, I rarely felt hungry, I dropped 15 pounds, but my mouth was always dry, and I was drinking liters upon liters of water every day.  Still some problems "downstairs", if you know what I mean.  Makes me pretty sleepy, so I usually take it right before I turn in for the day.  But honestly, even with all the side effects, it works well enough that I do continue to take it."
Review of Intuniv: "My 10 year old son was placed on Intuniv for his severe case of ADHD because stimulants make him angry due to his Anxiety. All other medicines have not worked. My son after 2 weeks began communicating with his teachers. They love this new kid and he talks about his feelings like he never has before. His friends are not asking to come visit again. His true personality has appeared and I love it. He writes like he's in 8th grade, his a very high IQ but it was not showing up on his class work. He is now able to keep up and he plays basketball with no anxiety. 25 points in one game, his self esteem has improved drastically. I love it. Although we still have some work to do for his obsessive compulsive disorder, he loves the medication and reminds me if I forget about it."
Review of Adderall: "Yes, this medication does work wonders, at first.  Diagnosed ADHD (by a Psychiatrist)  at the age of 26.  The first 3 years it worked quite well and felt like a godsend.  I took 5-6 days a week and my life demonstratively improved.  Focus, completing tasks, mental clarity, improved self-esteem...life was good.Adderall, like other CNS stimulants, tend to become less effective after time and I noticed this more pronouncedly by my 5th year.  At that point, I felt trapped by the drug and tried to stop.  The problem was that even after a month or more without Adderall, none of discontinuation symptoms were improving.  While I continue to use Adderall for maintenance, I derive little benefit.  Be aware, the effects won't last indefinitely!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Taking 25mg right now and was on adderall XR 30mg.  I don't understand this medicine since it usually makes me tired and down for about 2-3 hours after taking it then get an okay amount of focus for another 6-8 hours.  I personally can't deal with those 3 hours everyday when I need to be productive so I will try something else. This drug may be very similar to the chemicals in adderall but it definitely does not feel like it."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am 34 years old. I started with 27mg. Over several weeks I worked up to 36mg in morning, then 10mg in mid afternoon. My husband has seen an improvement in my mood. I feel less angry and better able to cope with daily life. I stay awake during the day now (I was very fatigued pre-Concerta and sleeping a lot). I am sleeping the best I ever have at night. My mind doesn't race as much as it used to. I still experience anxiety, but it hasn't increased since Concerta. I get more headaches and I seem to continuously suck and rub my tongue on the inside of my mouth. It annoys me and causes tongue ulcers, but I guess it is a small price to pay."
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvanse is a wonderfully great med. For about the first month you take it. I'm on 70 mg and have been for a little over a year. It worked just as I wanted it to but the started to wear off and now I only feel the affect for about 3 hours then I get angry really fast. Also if I forget to take my morning doseage I just feel like I'm dying all day so I rate it 7/10"
Review of Methylphenidate: "Well it started in 2014 when I was diagnosed with adhd.... And I could not focus for more than 5 minutes before doing something else and this has helped me greatly focus and calm me down.  We also own a farm and I drive a skid steer loader and drive a tractor, also doing fieldwork takes a good deal of focus and now I can easily do 5 hours of bale loading and not get distracted which is a lifesaver. One downside is that I lose my appetite but not a big deal to me."
Review of Concerta: "This medication really, really helps me with everything."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Works better than any other stimulant medicine I have tried. I have sensitivity to stimulants; it causes bruxism. The bruxism is absent with a 20 mg dose, and minimal with a 30 mg dose. Other Stimulants - I cannot take even the lowest dose without getting the bruxism side-effect to the point I can't stand it. Also, I can't "feel" when it starts working and stops working - which is great. It wears off slowly starting about 7-8 hours after I take it. After 10-11 hours I do not feel it in my system anymore. No Insomnia or "crashing feeling". Weight loss (ok since I am fat) about 25 lbs in 3 months. My only complaint is it makes me want to smoke. I quit smoking a long time ago. I think about wanting to have a cigarette several times a day."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am practically out of all options for ADHD medications due to side effects. Vyvanse has proven to be really effective for helping my ADHD. The focus I have is great & allows me to "see" what must be done instead and actually do it! I also have Body Dysmorphia Disorder which has paralyzed me from being able to go out of the house. My providers have been trying to get me to get out of the house for years! Unexpectedly, Vyvanse has practically eliminated my BDD & fear to be outdoors! For example, in any given week I might go outside once, if that. I can barely stand 1 hour of being out. Now with Vyvanse, I have gotten my life back. I didn't try. One day I went outside & just stayed! Now, I'm always outside doing lots of things for hours!"
Review of Strattera: "I have had ADD for several years now (I'm 24). I was taking adderall for a while but it flared up my anxiety. I am now prescribed Strattera, and so far, no good. I'm only on day 3, but I feel absolutely exhausted and irritable. Considering giving up on it because it's the end of the school semester and I can't afford to feel this tired with all the work I have to do."
Review of Concerta: "I have been dealing with Attention Deficient Disorder ADD all of my life at 50 years old I was diagnosed with ADD, I had suspected it for some time, and began taking 28 mg of Concerta each day after approximately 2 months I went to a lower dose of 18 mg per day. It has had a positive effect that it is much easier to stay on task my ability to concentrate has been significantly increased.  In describing its effect it seems that my mind has slowed down. The side effects have been minimal a little lightheaded at times. I do not take it every day sometimes, I usually use it Monday to Friday."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I take Adderall for ADHD, simply put my GPA in college has literally doubled to 3.5, school is easy now. This medicine is like night and day. I'm glad it only lasts for a certain time 6-8 hours. I have zero appetite on the medicine and lost 15 lbs in two weeks when I started these pills. Aggression is increased. Adderall is amazing. Listen to your doctor and do not take more than you are supposed to."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Definitely makes me focus and achieve all things; through home and work. No more daydreaming! 30Mg XR."
Review of Vyvanse: "Much better than Adderall that I've been taking for 12 years. My heart doesn't race, the dry mouth effects aren't nearly as intense. There are no more highs & lows! Love it."
Review of Dexedrine: "Like Adderall without an increased heart rate and increased blood pressure.  Also less "edgy"."
Review of Daytrana: "LOVE the way this medicine work.  We could just leave it on a little longer to get through homework time!  BUT the irritation was just too much for her skin.  She had raised whelps/sores for several weeks after discontinuing the meds."
Review of Atomoxetine: "This was my first time trying ADHD medication, and unfortunately it didn't go so well. My nurse practitioner warned me that there was a chance of panic attacks with Strattera, as I had previously had some with Wellbutrin, but I was unprepared for how intense they would be. Even on a very low dose. The first one happened on 10 mg, and there were several others on 18 and 25. I didn't take the higher step up, and had to stop. I know there are a lot of people who love Strattera, but anyone who's had a panic attack on Wellbutrin might want to avoid it."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a student who has used Vyvanse for the last few years. I am currently taking 40mg-50mg. When I first tried it, a couple side effects were annoying but it didnt last that long. When I was in High School, most of the day I felt like doing my work and getting stuff done, and it made me see the positive in things. And  in college when I take it, especially on my days off, I get a lot of work done. I am not a very talkative person, but it made me feel like having nice conversations with people. In mid day, I am in a great mood, but sometimes it goes away every now and then. I dont feel like eating almost all day, but Its smart to eat breakfast before hand, and then dinner. I do have a small crash at the end of the day but it's worth it."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "When I first started on Vyvanse (30 mg) I thought it was a miracle.  I was social, energetic, and losing a lot weight.  After about 6 months on it (40 mg) things started to change, I began having horrible crashes where I would experience depression, OCD type behavior, and thoughts of suicide.  Trying to get off it it brought about terrible withdrawal symptoms; I gained a lot of weight, was lifeless, and extremely depressed.  I really wish I never started this drug. I noticed a lot of people loving this drug have only been on it for a short amount of time, so come back and update your review when you have taken it for 6 months to a year.  The rebound affect of stopping it has been awful."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I love it, it helps me succeed in subjects/ work tasks that I have struggled with so much in the past which has affected my self esteem. I have been on it for 5 years. I take 20 mg twice a day, and feel a need to go up a bit for the dosage, it's been a while and doesn't feel as effective. "
Review of Modafinil: "Modafinil is quite useful and I have not experienced habit forming properties; this was a problem with all other ADHD medications I have been prescribed over the past 10 years. Although I also tried Strattera for three months prior to my starting Provigil.  My only issue is that so far I have only been able to receive 200mg which only helps me until afternoon.  I am in need of a large enough prescription so I can have an afternoon dose.  Hopefully somehow my insurance can become convinced that this is necessary for my health."
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvanse has been amazing for me. I used to take Adderall, which made me moody, self-conscious, unhappy with myself and life, and far from  my true personality. I now take 70 mg Vyvanse and it has worked miracles. I feel I am my true self but with controlled ADHD symptoms. Now, when I need to concentrate, I am now able to thanks to Vyvanse."
Review of Concerta: "My son has ADD without the H. He started on 18mg in September. His teachers noticed the difference from the year before. He did lose his appetite, but due to a growth spurt and my making him eat he gained a pound. He loved the medicine and actually wanted to take it. He got the flu in early November and stopped the pills cause they seemed to make it worse. When we started again they still made him sick so we just took a break, thinking to get the idea out of his head, then I got his report card. He started the pills again 4 days ago and no sickness, as long as he eats 1/2 hour before. Teachers have already commented on the change."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I wouldn't typically give any drug such a high rating, but Vyvanse has truly changed my life with few if any side effects. I take 20 mg once a day, and it lasts 12 to 14 hours. It took about 2 weeks of trial and error to find the dosage, but it was very worthwhile. I am happier, less anxious, and significantly more organized than I have ever been. I am a student and many areas of my life--academics, social functioning, general health, etc.--have all improved greatly. The inattentive fog has cleared, and I finally feel able to create the life I want to be living. Better control over my life has also given me back self-esteem and stabilized my moods. I am so grateful."
Review of Atomoxetine: "i have been taking strattera or atomoxetine for about 7 years now. i used to have to skip school because i would wake up and eat and take the pill and while later throw up and feel sick for the whole day. i dealt with this for a year or two. after a change in dosage things got better, it does seem to help me concentrate. but now i'm constantly getting sick. I can barely eat without getting sick. As my body is maturing the pill seems to start having bad reactions again. Im not sure the benefit outweighs the issues, i cant stand being sick. After 7 years of messing with this drug to try to get it to work properly I've decided to switch."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I was on this for ADHD and while I did see a noticeable improvement in my ability to concentrate and not be running around acting all hyper, it worked a little too well if you know what I mean. I had a heck of a time getting ready for school and I'd fall asleep on the bus ride there (I was in high school at the time). I also couldn't keep my head up in first period and would constantly snap awake at loud sounds or giggles in the classroom, not realizing I'd even fallen asleep. It wouldn't wear off until second or third period, so mornings were awful. I would be so zombie-like and sleepy no matter how much rest I got the night before. Eventually I quit taking it because I didn't like feeling like a walking corpse in the mornings."
Review of Guanfacine: "My son was 6 when diagnosed.  Adderall finally came to our rescue.  Eventually it did not work long enough, so we give him a wake-up dose of 5mg IR, an 8am XR dose, then a 3pm IR dose to help with aftercare and homework.  This has continued to work for 3 years.  We tried Intuniv because his ODD and impulsivity was leading to threats of suspending him from school.  After 2 days we realized his BP was lower (too low), but he didn't pass out.  After 2 weeks, his reacting to people was no longer on the calm side, he was emotional about everything, more impulsive and more defiant, not him at all.  We decided to take him off.  At least we can say that we tried, but it just did not work for my son, but it may for others."
Review of Dexedrine: "I take 15 mg three times a day along with Ritalin 20 mg three times a day and I am so glad my Doc found this combo!!!! I'm 36 and extremely overweight and I got the got up and go that I never had and the help to keep my mind on very important things and people in my life, like my kids!!"
Review of Adderall: "I started taking Adderall when I was 26 y/o and it was AMAZING for about 2 years. My dose started out at 30mg/day in the beginning and after 2 years was up to 60mg/day (30 mg IR twice daily). I started getting increasingly paranoid, losing, what seemed like, more and more sleep with each passing month. I kept thinking that I was seeing red and blue lights on my walls at night, which made me think the cops were after me outside. Even though I didn't do anything that would require police assistance. Until one day when I lost my mind, literally. I was taken by ambulance to the hospital and put on a 72 hour psychiatric hold for which I ended up staying at the hospital almost 2 week. Diagnosed with amphetamine induced schizoaffective disorder!!!"
Review of Adderall: "It was a good medicine for me."
Review of Methamphetamine: "I feel like I can breathe!  This is the only medicine that resolves my ADD symptoms. I have tried everything else and they just can't compare. Totally makes it so I have the courage to live again, to walk up to people I don't know and talk to them, to feel less depressed, to stand up for myself, and above all to focus on the important things. I wish more doctors were informed of how helpful it really is to people who have adult ADD."
Review of Kapvay: "My 5 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD just yesterday, the Behavior Specialist said his was one of the worst cases that she had seen in a while, she had suggested putting him on a stimulant medication, I told her i would like to  a non-stimulant medication first and she prescribed him Kapvay. My son took it for the first time last night before bed, he went right to sleep and when he woke up this morning he was the calmest most pleasant, helpful and nicest he had ever been in his life. I could not believe the overnight change. I'm so glad it worked so fast, he has not gotten in trouble once today which is a new record! His teachers are going to be thrilled on Monday! Thank you to the makers of Clonidine!"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "Hi! I am 18 years old . I was diagnosed with ADHD just a couple months after starting kindergarten. I was having trouble paying attention, got in trouble everyday; seeing the principal was 2-3 times every 2 weeks was normal. I started taking focalin at 5. My grades improved, my conduct improved, and I could focus. I took it  every weekday I was in school. It killed my appetite, I became dehydrated a lot and I didn't get all the nutrients I needed to Grow properly ( 16, 124lbs).  I stopped taking in 7th grade at my discretion and my grades dropped instantly, my conduct went back. 11th- I started back and instantly my grades improved. Only drawback is I have to force myself to eat."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son is 8 and we just started this medication. Started at 10mg and it was not enough so we went up to 20mg a few days later. His teacher noticed right away that things were better at school, but at home he was a nightmare. Very emotional when coming off medicines in the afternoon. We got a booster of Ritalin but now he is not sleeping. I am going to try Concerta again to see if we can get rid of the emotional outbursts."
Review of Guanfacine: "My 9 years  old is now taking Intuniv for three weeks. At the begining he was very sleepy and tired. So I decided to give him the pill at bedtime, he's been much better. This medication was a miracle for my son, his mood is better, he is happier, less emotional, and finishing his school task. Before he was on Concerta for 6 months it made his personality change. He started to bite his clothes and picking on his nose. It was bad. He could focus but the side effects worthless. I also try Strattera with similar side effects. My son it doing great on Intuniv. I hope it will continue to work for him."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My daughter is 9. She has been taking Focalin for 1 year now and she is alarmingly thin. The doctor suggests that we should just feed her more food when she wants to eat. My daughter has always been a thin girl but now she looks sick, but on the up side this medication works well with her ADHD. She can focus and she even has friends now that she is not hitting people. My daughter is actually pretty smart but you would have never knew this before Focalin."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 25 years old and was diagnosed with ADD when I was about 8 years old and also have a processing problem as well. This is the 2nd day I am on it and on 20mg (lowest dose). It takes a little while to kick in but when it does I do get a little jittery (which is a side effect); which only lasts a few minutes.  I concentrate so much better with my online courses. when I was first diagnosed with ADD I was put on a medication that my mother said I wasn't the same person anymore and since then I was never medicated and struggled with the simplest things and also became depressed. If you have been diagnosed with ADHD/ADD I do suggest this for you and helps; with this med you aren't a zombie or foggy."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 14 year old daughter had been taking Vyvanse since 2010 - her current dosage is 50mg.  In the first couple years I believe this medication was a good fit for my daughter; however, It is my opinion she needs a change.  Also thanks to Obmacare effective 1/1/16 we are paying a copayment of $197 (from $40). Unbelievable for Vyvanse to NOT RELEASE A GENERIC until 2023!"
Review of Vyvanse: "Was on Concerta 18mg for 3 years worked great. Stopped taking it, felt like I didn't need it anymore and I didn't want to pay for it then. Wasn't doing so well professionally or at home not getting chores done feeling real lazy etc. so I went back on the Concerta couldn't feel it this time bumped up to 36mg still most days didn't feel a difference tried Vyvanse definitely can feel motivation only doesn't seem to last as long as Concerta used to for me but I feel happy on Vyvanse, just wished it lasted longer also as a lot of people say less anxiety. I can say I don't have an anxiety problem on Concerta or on Vyvanse but Vyvanse feels like it has anti-anxiety medicine built into. I feel real comfortable where ever I go."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son is 14 and although he had signs of ADHD it was clearly obvious when he got in High school and started to struggle more than ever. I dont need to go into all his symptoms because he has so many and wish I did not wait so long to wake up and smell the coffee (if you know what I mean). Anyway I went to the Doctor and after all my research I asked the doc (I am a nurse by the way) if we could try Vyvanse and he said yes, that is after he determined that "Yes" he has ADHD. The first week back at school (after break) the teachers could not believe the change in him. In Algebra(before medicine) he was flunking all his tests and today he sent me a text that he got his first "A". The knowledge was all there, it just needed help to be released."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 25 yr old woman, I've been on Vyvanse for about 1.5-2 yrs and I have had a great experience with it. I've always been a bright student and done pretty well in school, I got by in high school but found myself struggling in college. I got diagnosed with ADHD, tried Strattera, tried Concerta to no effect. New doctor suggested Vyvanse, I started at a 30 mg, I'm up to 70 mg a day but have been steady on that dose for at least a year. It has decreased my appetite, but I also started p90x not long after I started taking this drug so I'm not sure which is more responsible for my weight loss. Besides that, no real side effects just helps me focus and concentrate on whatever I am supposed to be doing (and not just daydream)."
Review of Methylphenidate: "25 year old, with major depression. Take with other medicines (Sertraline   trazodone) greatly helps interest which the others don't. Probably inattentive ADD- never got on in school. 18mg is good. 27mg is okay but I'm a bit paler and a bit edgier. Any more and I look and feel washed out and jumpy."
Review of Adderall: "I have taken 20 mg of Adderall coupled with 50 mg of Zoloft for the past year.  They work really well together. Adderall helps me focus and Zoloft treats any mood swings or depressed feelings.  It really is a good combination for ADHD, ADD, or OCD."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 17 year old junior and I started taking Vyvanse in 9th grade. I'm not saying it doesn't work because I went from any average student to where B's are a disappointment to my mom. But I haven't had much of a social life anymore, the people at my lunch table think I'm anorexic and I don't sleep most nights. I get headaches constantly and I'm tired of this. I tried other medicines but my mom said nothing works as good. "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was diagnosed with ADD/ADHD when I was 21. I had failed out of university, I was unorganized, felt like a failure, and was frankly quite depressed. Vyvanse helped me focus and think more typically, and I was better able to do my school work. I'm about to graduate with a GPA of 3.8 and my heart is set on a masters degree! My only issue with this medicine is the moodiness I experience when coming off from it every single evening. I try to be doing something alone at this time, since it only lasts an hour or so, but I become very introverted and irritable. I also found that I'm crazy tired in the morning and sleep in. I used to be up at six thirty every morning! But the benefits far outweighs the cost."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Strattera was my first treatment after I was diagnosed with ADHD PI for six months. First week on 40 mg, then 80 mg and the last three months on 100 mg. I didn't improve any symptom, but it worsen everything. I got negative effects, from the sexual side (no erections just after taking Strattera,). My mood was really unstable, with peeks of depressing episodes and rage outbursts on the last weeks.Now I'm quitting it, and I got some discontinuing effect as tension on my head and anxiety. On the next week I'll start with methyphenidate and I hope the best."
Review of Ritalin: "I would have to say wow! It helped me focus during school. I used to be an average student, now I have straight A's. and I don't have a problem getting anything done"
Review of Vyvanse: "My child is young teen girl with autism or Asperger's, recently diagnosed with ADHD due to impulsivity. Very bright and attentive normally but trouble with transitions, outbursts, interrupting, slow processing speed, getting agitated and not being able to calm down, lack of awareness of surroundings, misunderstanding others' signals, sensory overload. Responding well to Vyvanse 30mg. Easier transitions, speaks more fluently without stammering, less agitated, less angry, much more cooperative and calm, able to converse without interrupting or changing topics, happier, feels better about self. Side effects are dizziness with exertion worst when changing position from sitting to standing, needs more sleep, mild headaches, weight loss."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Strattera helped my ADD very little and suppressed my appetite and I lost all ability to sleep even though I was always tired."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "No problem, never really felt high or speedy. When I didn't take it I was very disorganized and couldn't focus. I find that when it is out of my system after 12 hours I am extremely tired. I take trazone 50 mg. for sleep also really hard to get going in the morning. After the vyvanse kicks in I'm ok at about 8 after taking it at 6am. I do take xanax 1 mg. with it."
Review of Adzenys XR-ODT: "My daughter was diagnosed with ADHD a few years ago (she's 13 now) and was on Adderall XR 25 mg for a few years. She was never hungry and had a hard time sleeping. We switched her to Adzenys XR 12.5 (lower than her Adderall dose equivalent). It doesn't seem to last as long -- but then again it's not as strong. The good thing is her appetite is back and she doesn't have trouble sleeping. She also doesn't complain about not feeling like herself (she is usually a pretty happy kid, but complained the Adderall made her withdrawn). She's doing fairly good in school, though she has some learning challenges in some areas. Although she's only been on it a few months, I am relatively happy with the results."
Review of Focalin: "I just started taking it for two day and I hate it the first day I started twitching and shaking and my stomach felt so uncomfortable.the second day it felt worse I had a dry throat, uncomfortable stomach, less twitching , I felt so useless.  The worst thing about it was a post to make me focus and it does not even help. I just hate how I have to lie about how I feel - I say I'm ok but I'm so for from being ok."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm a 24 year old male. I was on Adderall XR 30mg (daily) for around 3-4 years before my Doctor suggested we try Vyvanse. I have always been pleased with Adderall XR and have no complaints about side effects. Vvyanse (60mg daily) worked as advertised for a about 3-4 days. It was like an upgraded Adderall XR (provided a longer half life that is much needed for my schedule of college and work). Unfortunately, the drug drastically lost its effectiveness. The dry mouth was extreme as well. After just 10 days taking 2 at a time had no effect. Went back to adderall xr and I'm still impressed."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was diagnosed with ADHD as a kid because I was our typical class clown that didn't do anything in class. My parents took me to the doctor and I was prescribed Adderall and it did what is was suppose to but I absolutely hated because instead of playing at recess I would just read a book, so I quit taking it. Fast forward to freshmen year in college I was completely overwhelmed with school so I went back got tested and they put me on Vyvanse, it did the job but I was so mad when I was on it, they switched be to Adderall. It does exactly what it is supposed to do, make you productive. I went from a 3.0 to a 3.8 from this medicine. But make sure you eat, if you are on it your body will not tell you you're hungry."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I take Ritalin for ADD. I have found that Ritalin LA offers all of the concentration with none of the nasty side-effects of the SR form of the pill. The only downside is if your dose is too high that it doesn't wear off as quickly. Makes for a jittery day. Start low and move up."
Review of Adderall: "Before I found out I had ADD I had poor grades and I just couldn't sit still for 48 minutes or I would find myself sitting there at the end of class not knowing what happened because I "zoned" out. I was put on Adderall towards the end of my junior year. I graduated last May with a 3.6 GPA! I say this drug worked wonders."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My dosage is 27 mg and I take it in the morning before I go to school. It tends to ware off by 12."
Review of Concerta: "My son was taking the 54mg for 8yrs when all of a sudden he started to get severely depressed and thoughts of hurting himself.  He was immediately taken off the Concerta. I had read about the side effects but it seem to be a small percentage of children getting this.  Make sure you read ALL side effects and the long term usage on how it will effect your child."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Diagnosed in late 80's as having Attention Disorder - however my grades were always pretty good that my mother and doctor did not put me on medication. As I began my career years ago, I noticed I had trouble staying on tasks and my impulsiveness at work was causing me problems. Worked with Behavior Therapist and that helped for many years. However, I still struggled to stay on deadline at work and that stress led to issues in my personal life. Started taking Vyvanse 30mgs 3 mos ago at the age of 36. For the first time in my adult-life I feel that I have my act together. Still follow what I learned in therapy over the years - which I hope will help me stay at a lower dose. I pay $250 a month before my deductible is reached then 80% after."
Review of Vyvanse: "Parents putting there kids on this stuff, yikes, man I just feel bad for your poor child. You realize you're giving them pure amphetamine right? I would avoid taking amphetamines until your brain has finished developing. Age 21-25. It's just absurd that something like Vyanse is prescribed to children. That said, for adults, this stuff is wondrous. Has changed my life. I've been taking 60mg Vyvanse for 3yrs straight with zero issues. Zero break.  Zero tolerance. I'm 32. Male. I've literally tried it all (Dex, Desoxyn, Addie, Provigil) & nothing comes close Vyvanse! If you truly have ADHD as an adult, this drug will alter your life in such a positive way! Adults only though!!! Common parents, you're totally screwing your kids over."
Review of Concerta: "My daughter's pediatrician told me to give her 1 pill before 9:00 a.m. daily.  I gave her the pill at 8:30 a.m. and all day she was amazing then suddenly out of no where at 10:30 p.m. she said she just couldn't fall asleep, her hands and feet wouldn't stop moving, her mouth was moving extremely weird, and she said she was jittery. My daughter finally fell asleep at 6:30 a.m. and didn't receive another dose again but had problems for 5 more nights with sleep."
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvanse has been wonderful for me. I take it along with the anti-depressant Lexapro and the two medications work wonderfully together. I am a full time college student. I have been taking Vyvanse for about 8 months and I don't know what I would do without it now. I am focused and my mind is not racing a million miles an hour. I did about a year of school without it and I was an A, B, C student, but now I am mostly making A's with the occasional B."
Review of Dexedrine: "I have been on about 100 mg. of dexedrine for over 20 years and it always worked great until a few years ago, when my drug company stopped sending me the TEVA generic. I never had problems with generics before but the Activis brand did nothing for me. I was told that TEVA was made by the same drug manufacturer that makes the name brand so I payed extra for the name brand and that does not appear to be working either. I have been told that TEVA no longer makes dexedrine so I am not sure what I should do. Also, I was told that the FDA no longer allows doses over 60 mg. but I am sure that is true. It could be my insurance company does not want to pay for more than a standard dose."
Review of Adderall: "This drug was prescribed to after ritilin didn't work well. This medication helped my ADHD but the side affects were unbearable. Cotton mouth, irritability, anxiety, panic attacks. I seemed like the cons outweighed the pros. Much more successful than ritilin but not enough. My doctor decided to try Vyvanse, a new version of adderall with less side effects and better outcomes for treatment plus no crash after dinner "
Review of Guanfacine: "My 7 year old son has been on Intuniv for 5 weeks.  He was on Vyvanse but he was getting so crabby and angry all the time we decided to stop having him use it.  He also had to be pressured to eat anything.  He is now in the first week of 3 mg of Intuniv.  He is eating so much I have to stop him!  However, he is very tired and sleeps in very late.  His moodiness is gone but he is still a bit more hyperactive than we would prefer but if he stays this way we will stay only on the Intuniv.  We love having our son's personality back, and his appetite."
Review of Daytrana: "My teenager daughter was recently diagnosed with ADHD to no surprise to anyone.  She managed well until high school and was then put on Daytrana. she has experienced no side effects except decrease in appetite and if she keeps the patch on too long she might have difficulty falling asleep.  Her focus has improved substantially and she is able to do her school work.  However as everyone knows this medication only solves one piece of the puzzle.  Overall she does not seem to have the rebound issues that people have with the medications taken by mouth."
Review of Adderall XR: "I'm so much more focused at work and home. But I noticed, if I don't eat, I'm a space cadet. Eating is very important,  otherwise you're just wasting a good medicine. I also have ALOT more energy, By Far! I work the overnight shift at work, and it helps very much.  Thanks Adderall."
Review of Adderall XR: "This medicine is amazing. I took it about 5 hours ago and still going strong."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I started this pill at the beginning of the school year and it definitely helped me with school. At first I was and still am a considerably shy teen than my classmates. I don't know if it's the pill but I felt very socially detached but not as much now. Another thing is I used to be at least 13 pounds heavier but after taking this pill I've lost all my extra weight."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have taking 20 mg and must say that it's the best medicine for me. I can concentrate, feeling peace in my mind. I'm also bipolar and before elvanse I tried medicine concerta and ritalin which made me more depressed and when they was going away from body I felt like awful. Elvanse is just a miracle medicine, I don't feel when it goes away. The only side effect of medicine is : dry mouth, not feeling hungry. Don't forget to eat and drink water because if you don't do it your bloodsugar will go down and you gonna feel ill,bad,headache !! I recomend this medicine !"
Review of Methylphenidate: "Ritalin made me able to block out everything and focus on reading my boring, tedious nursing books. Take it at least 12 hours before you go to sleep, or else it will keep you up at night with thoughts racing. It suppresses appetite and makes most people lose weight- I actually gained weight because I would be starving and binge eat at the end of the night. I did like Ritalin, but it made me too irritable so I switched to Adderall. That is much more pleasant and even more effective. Focalin 10 mg is good for people with mild ADHD symptoms. "
Review of Strattera: "I've been on Straterra for about two months and am up to 40mgs, with the exception of dry mouth and some manageable stomach aches, the medication seems to work pretty well--and subtly too.I am a very young 48 and I was diagnosed as "hyperactive" in 1972. I was on Ritalin at a very young age. While it's NOT a cure, it works much better than stimulant medications as an adult--I read better and seem to not interrupt as much. Coffee effects me quite a bit and if I keep it down that helps too. I was worried about all of the reviews of sexual side effects--I seem to be up and running, this worried me a lot. Once again, I'm not saying Staterra this is a cure all, but my experience seems to be very different than many reviews I have read"
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 22 year old male - diagnosed with inattentive ADD about 2 months ago. I was prescribed 30mg Vyvanse right after my diagnosis, and have moved up to 50mg (been 3 wks). My problems with ADD started in elementary school, and continued all the way up until a month after I graduated from university (but got worse). Deciding to get tested for ADD was the best decision I ever made! Vyvanse has been a blessing to me, and the benefits FAR outweigh the consequences. I can focus longer, stay on tasks until they are completed, pay attention to detail much easier, articulate my thoughts/words better, and motivate myself to get work and other activities done. It's not a miracle drug, but HELPS (key word) you manage your symptoms and function easier"
Review of Atomoxetine: "The first month on Strattera, I did not feel well. It made me tired and grumpy. Then, after it stopped being a nuisance, it started being nothing. No help, ZERO. Waste of time, money and liver. I quit cold turkey after my 6th month script ran out. Too expensive to continue paying a lot of money for ZERO. (I no longer had the same insurance that had a copay. I do not know how much it would have cost with my new insurance)."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son (9yrs old) has been taking this for about 3 weeks now for ADD. I was apprehensive about resorting to medicating him, but as his grades and progress were suffering, we felt we had to take the next step and try medication.  We have noticed a dramatic difference.  On the 2nd day his teachers sent me notes about how much he had already improved with focusing on his school work and having to spend much less time getting him to pay attention.  He is more focused and hasn't brought work home not completed in class since he started it. Only one dizzy spell on the 2nd day of treatment and a little trouble getting to sleep the first 3 nights, but now he seems adjusted to the meds and is doing quite well."
Review of Bupropion: "I started taking generic Buproprion XL at 150mg once a day to help with lifelong focus problems and lack of physical energy( ADHD-PI (Inattentive Type)). I was told that this was an off-label treatment and that it might not work, but I was interested in the long half life of the active metabolites and wanted to give it a try. The focus and wakefulness that it restored were very promising, and initial hypertension and blood pressure artifacts faded by the first day. However, there was a persistent lack of ability to easily recall facts or synthesis new ideas and my normally bubbly and chipper mood was blunted to moderately lower level. After day three, I quit. I think the nicotinic antagonism inhibits memory and critical thinking for me."
Review of Adderall: "I have adult ADHD. I'm 21 now and have been on Adderall 20mg 3 times a day for the past 4 years. It's really helped me if you just take it responsibly you don't have any real problems. The only thing I still get dry mouth. "
Review of Daytrana: "I think it works better with less digestive side affects.  Not as hyper focused, just the right focus."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I've been on Concerta before and decided to try Adderall. I loved the results, ultra focused. At the beginning I was incredibly happy with it. Unfortunately, I had a severe allergic reaction to it. I'm not allergic to any other medicines but for some reason Adderall got me. If you get extremely itchy on the medicines stop taking it. I kept taking it for a while because I loved the results and the itching got really bad."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Great medicine, I recently restarted this medicine after 10 years and I feel normal again. This medicine has given me great peace in my life. I feel calm and collected and I'm quickly understanding what its like to have "free time" I insist that people who find results using this medicine ensure those in government understand the increase in quality of life we are all experiencing. I've rated this medicine 10/10 purely because any cons I've experienced are meaningless compared to been given a life."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I never knew 54mg each morning could work wonders. No more struggling to pay attention during the day, impulsive outbursts, or late homework."
Review of Evekeo: "Evekeo works great. It's more mild in regards to excitability in comparison to adderall.  Evekeo is Amphetamine Sulfate and carries 50% dextroamphetamine and 50% levoamphetamine.  Adderall is 75% dextroamphetamine and 25% levoamphetamine, so Evekeo is much smoother and wears off slowly vs adderall's fluctuating tapering.  It is much different than adderall.  Evekeo doesn't make you feel wired like adderall does.  It's a cleaner medicine.  Evekeo is a freebase Amphetamine while adderall has 4 different salts.  I would recommend the makers of Evekeo to make higher milligram tablets.  It's similar to a 10mg adderall IR.  It's just the ratio of ingredients that's the difference. Duration is said by pharmacists to be 12 hr's, buts more like 6."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Been on 3 other ADD meds. This one seems to work great for me. I can focus stay on task and get my work done. Plus I can sit and relax with out feeling like I have be on the go all the time."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD. He was having problems at school such as focusing, following directions, sitting still.. etc. We decided to use the Daytrana patch since he isn't able to take pills. This so far is working wonders. He is on his first week and is already showing signs of improvement! I recommend this product."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "The extended release tablets enable me to maintain a normal functioning rate, without crashing."
Review of Atomoxetine: "The negative side effects were too much to deal with. I couldn't handle the IRRITABILITY, agitation, depression, decreased libido and penis size, constipation, chemical odor in my excessive sweating. I couldn't remain in a deep sleep at night, feelings of helplessness and insecurities only when using Strattera. Sadness and I can understand how suicidal thoughts tend to develop on this medication. There was a slight increase in my concentration. After discontinuing abruptly the most intense nightmares and sleepless nights followed. Good luck, I hope you're one of the fortunate ones that this medication worked for. I am a 30 yr old male."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 21 year old male diagnosed with ADD around 4 years ago. About a while back I was prescribed to 50mg of Vyvanse. So far its effects have been very positive. In the past, I have been on Strattera and Adderall. The eupohric feeling Adderall produces brings a high potential for abuse and dependence, along with extreme mood changes and irratability. With Vyvanse, the urge for more does not exist. It is consistent throughout most of the day and delivers concentration and a sense of confidence and well-being. I've had slightly decreased appetite, but am much more productive and focused. I feel that I have gotten my life back. It is the best ADD medicine I have been on. Highly recommended."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was first put on the daytrana patch back in 2005 my freshmen year of highschool. I have been on and off it, due to me not needing it at some times. I am 25 years old now and still only need 20 mg patches. I have not had any issues with this medication aside from the fact that some of the backings on the patches won't come off sometimes. It can leave a sticky residue on my skin but nothing that bothers me. I just restarted this back up and have noticed a decrease in appetite.but once my levels get back to normal appetite also comes back. I highly reccomend to keep communicating with your dr about any thing that feels "off" to you. While on this medicine my grades have always come up from d's and c's to a's and b's."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 17 and on 60 mg of Vyvanse. I weigh about 112 lbs. I don't know if it's too high a dose, but ever since I got it increased from 50 to 60mg. I've been feeling actually tired, which is a surprise to me because it's a stimulant. I've also had more intense dizziness and headaches, and I had heart palpitations on the 50, but now they're more frequent, and chest pain, heart races, but I'm able to focus a little better."
Review of Concerta: "This was a miracle that at first changed my life. I went from being always late for work, nearly losing my job to super Mom! My brain was on 24/7 and never switched off. It helped me come out my shell and be more social, more verbal at work. Excelled at work, at home I sucked! I lacked emotional judgment, was very aggressive and easily ticked off. I became obsessive compulsive, I would lose my mind if anything was out of place. 3 years later I just stopped cold turkey as being a super mom was just not worth it any more. I quit my job and my family must just accept me for who I am. I lack focus and day dream and forget to sign kids home work, but I am me. "
Review of Adderall XR: "I have been taking Adderall now for about a month. So far so good, it's helped me focus a lot. I felt good before in regard to mood, now I feel even better. I'm concerned it may cause libido issues when I have been on it longer. "
Review of Desoxyn: "MUCH BETTER than Adderall, Vyvanse, or Dexedrine, or Ritalin.  IT is more effective for performing my scores on tests and learning.  It is better for the social anxiety component of ADHD. It is neurotoxic so you may not want to stay on it for the entire year, however, IT DOES have medical value at low doses if used by RESPONSIBLE users for several months out of the year. IT IS very effective for controlling treatment resistant depression and appetite problems as well. However, appetite would return to baseline when stopping Desoxyn.  I think this medicine should be strictly controlled, but should be available to patients who could truly benefit from it.  It has helped me get through a very difficult year, but my doctor took me off it. "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 13 yr old son was put on Vyvanse for his ADHD and started at 20mg, 30mg and for the last two weeks has been on 40mg.  He's had the usual not much of an appetite, and of sleeping patterns.  However I've noticed in the last two weeks a drastic behaviour change in him where he is extremely emotional, very anxious, feeling like everyone hates him, depressed and wanting to hurt himself.  His pediatrician advised me to stop this medication .  "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am so happy with vyvanse. It has made my life so good, I listen better, I can focus on tasks. I feel even more upbeat about life no serious worrying and has slowed me down to see life better, I am so blessed for this new medicine."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "First off, would like to say that I have and always have had severe ADHD and have been on Adderal XR 30mg since it first came out 15 yrs ago at 30mg.   Always had my psych trying to get me to try Vyvanse and turned it down until last week when I realized over the last 2 years my Adderall seemed not to be working and would wear off by 1pm every day and still scattered.Was highly apprehensive at first and started out at 60mg on Vyvanse to begin and likely will be at 70 next Dr visit.Vyvanse has been a true god send for my condition and a miracle drug 4 me.  Can think clearly for first time in years and accomplish goals at work and home and much longer lasting- I highly recommend - downside is it takes about 2 hours to fully start working."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have always known I was intelligent and a doer, but I could never finish a project or class work without starting another(2-3 really!) projects. Therefore I would always get depressed and feel worthless, I couldn't handle small talk and had extreme anxiety when I had to go to church because I couldn't sit still for more than 20-30 min without wanting to burst. My mom always found ways to teach me to calm myself down in different situations but she didn't understand how bad it was. She also didn't believe in medicating her children. I wish I could describe what my first 5 employers said about me when I left their companies. I will just say this, Adderall XR 20mg once in the morning has seriously made the difference in my life."
Review of Vyvanse: "This is my second day on Vyvanse. I am very excited to try this drug in hopes that this one will work. I have been on Metadate and Strattera both didn't seem to help me at all. The first day I took this I did well at work. I am a server and usually mess up something but no mess-ups that day! Afterwards I cleaned my room, which I have been meaning to do forever, and I saw a movie. I did not talk once. My friends were amazed, as was I. I usually ruin movies by talking over them. I have a good feeling about Vyvanse but I will need more time to really tell if it's right for me. I did have a few outbursts though and afterwards felt silly. I'm not sure if this is a side effect of the drug."
Review of Armodafinil: "Very effective. Eliminates the anxiety associated with ADHD. Able to process and function. None of the jittery side effects that I had with Adderall, Straterra or Concerta. It was the smoothest thing I ever took.The only two knocks is that the medicine is off labeled and will not be covered by my insurance. Out of pocket can be $3-$400 a month? I can't cover that, so my joy will be short lived. "
Review of Guanfacine: "This medicine was  magical! My husband and I were shocked how fast this medicine worked for our son who is 8 now. It literally worked over night we couldn't  even believe it. This medicine was life-changing for our family and such a great way. Three years  later he is still on it but he's on 3mg now because of his age and weight. The only problem I believe he did get from it was constipation. We have that under control now."
Review of Focalin XR: "I've been taking 20mg of Focalin XR for the past 2 years and have experienced great improvement in mental function and all around health. Focalin has allowed me to focus and be aware of a situation. I have been more efficient at work, more aware of my health and wellbeing, and able to process situations more appropriately. My biggest complaint has been with sleep patterns. Some nights I can sleep 6 hours or I can sleep for 14 and I CAN NOT fall asleep right away. My FitBit has mixed reports, but they are questionable. This is something I have tried to "tweak" with my doctor, but we have not had any success. My second complaint is nausea, but that we have been able to tweak with food consumption and timing."
Review of Bupropion: "I started taking 150 mg XL 2 weeks ago. (generic bupropion XL) Initial side effects were rapid heart beat in the evenings on occasion and insomnia. (I take 0.5 mg Xanax to sleep 1 pill each night) Still eating like normal but more conscious of healthy weight goals.  Little anxious driving and a little more self conscious, but I feel better emotionally and am able to focus better. Not so harsh with my 12 year old or co workers.  Able to step back for a few seconds and asses instead of reacting.  So far the positives for me outweigh the side effects.  Hopefully will get better in a couple weeks. I believe the pharmacy report stated 4-6 weeks for full effect."
Review of Concerta: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD (predominantly inattentive) two years ago. I tried to all kinds of non-medication treatments: tutors, 504 Plan, psychotherapy, meditation, Omega-3, diet, patience, love, encouragement, bribery... everything I could think of, but his grades continued to decline. He was finally prescribed 18mg of Concerta. By the end of the 1st week he was acing his tests and his teacher said she finally has a student to teach and not just a body. The change is amazing. Slight decrease in appetite and the first couple of days it affected his sleep. Other than that, no side-effects."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Uneven throughout the day, especially noticeable dip after 4 hours or so, then wears off gradually.  The directions say to take it in the morning, but I need all day coverage (I have severe ADHD) so I need another dose around 3pm.  No insomnia problems with this usage, though I tend to go to bed late anyway (after 2am)."
Review of Bupropion: "My doctor gave me Wellbutrin XL as an experiment. I was hyper, couldn't focus or stay still for very long. My mind raced and I was easily distracted. And like many other I had projects that were started but never finished. My shrink told me that my childhood characteristics were those of and ADD kid. As an adult in my 40's I still had the hyper and difficulty staying focused on one thing at a time. Wellbutrin starting at 100 mg and going up to 300mg once daily had a calming effect on me and I was more able to focus on one thing at a time instead of my thoughts being scattered and drifting. It did not have any effect on my erectile dysfunction problem though. If anything, it decreased my sexual drive. Wellbutrin has helped with my ADD symptoms and I feel calmer."
Review of Vyvanse: "I was having my son tested for ADD and the doctor ended up suggesting I get tested also. I am a 39 yr old male. I always new I was capable of more, I always felt fairly intelligent. I always had issues recalling details of projects and a roller coaster ride of motivation. I would wait until I have the pressure of the timeline closing before acting. I have become a dynamo at work and home. Instead of thinking about 100 different details of multiple projects all at once, I am able to focus on one at a time, but I have to stay organized because I can see details of something and I can't help but work on it because I get excited I can see everything so clearly. I get dry mouth and have trouble winding down at night. Can't stop working."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I would suggest anyone on this, to stop or take a break once you've noticed your reasoning, memory recall abilities becoming hindered.  Even though I'm happy with the benefits of focus, it's not worth losing your short-term memory.  Overtime, I noticed my math skills declined, followed by my word recall, spelling and now I can't remember stories or study material.  It's extremely debilitating, I'm trying to figure out how to reverse the side effects."
Review of Concerta: "I been on this ADHD medication, but never was on it for more then 3 months. I am always switched due to the weight lose. When I first took it I was about 135lbs, after 2 months I was 98lbs. I lost over 35 pounds. This was in 2010. I stopped taking it because it wasn't helping me. Within those months my doctor kept putting me on different medicines, none worked. I started school with no medicines, I was on the high honor all, my mom wanted me to take it because I couldn't focus I was so HYPER. So my doctor put me on Concerta again. I have been on and off, but I have been consistent for 1-2 weeks. I have noticed my face is very itchy and blotchy and I want to hide and cry. Well I'm getting good grades but lost 10lbs in a week. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "We had tried the patch when our son was 5 1/2 yrs old.  We have tried many stimulant medications which do not last the amount of time it states it should so we tried Daytrana.  This was not for us.  My son was out of control, increased aggression, impulsivity, and couldn't sit still to save his life.  My son does deal with other mental Health disorders such as SPD, ODD, ADHD, GAD, and a mood disorder.  We are currently on Focalin XR 15mg in the morning and 10Mg XR about 12pm.  Focalin has been the best we found but still I think causes his other diagnosis to shine through a bit more."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Iv'e been on comcerta 2 weeks now n just gone up to 36mg I've had ADHD all my life and only just been diagnosed, always wondered why I can be anything I want end up going off the rails! Anyways this medication has basically changed me in a good way, I think if u really have ADHD this medication works n only doesn't work when u haven't got it! First week struggled sleeping but fine now, n theres no loss on my appetite I just don't crave the sugar n junk food that I used to so its a win win for me coz I'm a boxer and been in sport all my life! I can focus proper n its basically a miracle, for me, so far like :)"
Review of Adderall XR: "I used to take a high dosage time release tablet of another drug. If I took it when I woke up, say 8 o'clock, I would inevitably go through an anxious and depressing period everyday around 5pm. My psychiatrist prescribed me Adderall Xr and Adderall to see if I wouldn't go through this down period. I am so much happier now. Adderall permits me to be focused, less impulsive, and organized while lessening up the side effects, which I got with the other drug. I have an appetite, but am not an impulsive eater. "
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I take two 20mg a day (one in the morning and one in the afternoon). Details:-20 y/o female-diagnosed ADD for  4 years-tried Adderall (worked decently, bad crashes) and methylphenidate (nausea, motion sickness, didn't help ADD) -other conditions: severe depression, OCDPROS:-extremely helpful, like night and day-no jitter, tremor, etc-no crashCONS:-reduced appetite-*have to special order through Target pharmacy because most places don't keep it in stock"
Review of Adderall XR: "Works great for my ADHD. It's the first drug I was prescribed for it and I think I'll be sticking with it. The only effects other than helping with focus that I've had so far are some extra energy and a little bit of a reduction in appetite. I'll have to switch to immediate release next month though, since the extended release pills are still a little bit expensive."
Review of Adzenys XR-ODT: "This medication didn't come close to helping me the way my regular Adderall does. That being said I am going to stick with what I KNOW works but that's just me. Now I've heard others swear by Adzenys & wonder where its been all of their lives which I think is great. Just like any other drug what works for one may be rubbish 4 another. Adzenys is a fairly new drug on the market so of course Drs everywhere are going 2 B pushing it right now. I've worked in the medical field & I've seen Drs promote meds that they weren't even crazy about.. It  just depended on what the drug rep looked like for that particular med & how they themselves were going to benefit by writing the drug. I'm not saying Adzenys is bad I'm just saying 4 me it didn't work."
Review of Evekeo: "My child has been on this almost a week and it has made her worse in school and hyper, I am looking forward to seeing the Doctor this week, the dose was cut in half after being on it 1 day and no change in behaviour, still not able to focus and refuses all school work and became more defiant."
Review of Strattera: "Worked great for ADHD! Did cause migraines to be more frequent and is expensive, but does do wonders for inattention."
Review of Guanfacine: "Noticeable improvement at school and at home.  Started with 1 mg three weeks ago.  Completing seat work, better control of emotions and less impulsive.  Although he still can be defiant it is very short lived.  Much more compliant and less hyper.  The medication has not changed his personality and he is much easier to be around.  Will sit through dinner, which he never could before and is very helpful and sweet.  He is very small at 38 pounds so no plans to increase medication.  There has been almost a complete transformation.  Slightly sleepy the first week but now has adjusted.  He sleeps great but he always did.  I would recommend this medication for these issues.  Our family is against stimulant medications so this has worked perfectly."
Review of Guanfacine: "My son is 7 he is currently taking 1mg at bedtime he is sleepy all the time doesnt listen, irritable, he is failing nearly all classes cannot sit still he has been on it for nearly 1 month and nothing. He was on a stimulant he did amazing for a while I mean his attitude his self confidence went up we had no trouble until his appetite was suppressed and wouldnt eat at school and would come home sick. So we stopped and started this new medication which isn't helping his focus or self confidence. Only good thing is he is gaining weight and eating much better alot actually he is always hungry so thats a plus hopefully we can find some common ground or we may have to start homeschool"
Review of Focalin XR: "My 6 yr old son started showing signs of ADHD a year ago. He is in kindergarten and he has 3 types of days green- good, yellow-not the best, red-bad day. Every week he was coming home with 2 yellow days a week for calling out and being disruptive for the last 7 months. He started taking Focalin XR 10mg and has a green day everyday since he started the medication. His teachers say how much better he has been at school and he doesn't run a muck through the house anymore. I'm so happy we found Focalin."
Review of Ritalin: "Diagnosed with ADHD at 53. Who knew there was a reason for my quirky personality.  Tried Stattera and slept 15-18 hours a day, was switched to Ritalin and thought this was it. I really like how I feel, calm, focused.  My friends noticed. I did great for a couple of weeks and then became extremely impulsive and inappropriate.  I was focused, but on warp speed.  I gained 10 lbs in a week, because I could not stop eating once I started, I went on shopping sprees, driving jags, blurted out without the think before you speak button.  Once I started a task I had to finish, my kids were late to school, you get the picture.  This was definitely not the drug for me.  I stopped taking it a couple of days ago, I am still feeling the effect."
Review of Vyvanse: "For me, Vyvanse has the "smoothest" feeling of the ADHD medicines I have tried. I have found that Concerta (methylphenidate) and Focalin (dexmethylphenidate) create an anxious feeling. Vyvanse does not make me feel this way. Downside: it can be outrageously expensive."
Review of Concerta: "I was diagnosed in my late 40's with ADD.  Dr. Put me on Strattera which was fine except for the severe nausea in the morning even taking it with breakfast.  Just could not deal with that so was switched to Concerta.  Loved it.  No side affects.  Could be off of it on the weekends and go back on it on Mondays with no issues.  Dosage was 36mg.  About 5 years of taking it and perfectly happy.  Switched insurance company and continued with my medication then as of the first of the year will no longer cover Concerta.  They want me to try all the cheaper formularies.  Now I am struggling with all the other options they have provided and no success.  Doesnt make sense!"
Review of Vyvanse: "My son age 12) has been on this medication for 2 1/2 weeks now.He was on Dexedrine,which we felt was doing very well on his focus which gave him better grades,but it lacked in controlling  impulsive behavior. We see a noticeable difference in this issue with Vyvance 30mg.once a day. The only thing that we do notice clearly is lack of appetite at supper time and you can actually tell when his medication has worn off. His undesirable behavior is back) also becomes fidgety."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 23 year old female, recently diagnosed with ADD.  Thanks to my amazing doctor, he discovered my problem was actually not anxiety (like I've been told my entire life), but actually ADD.  Makes complete sense.  Always been a horrible student, and have had to work my butt off in college.  Vyvanse is amazing:  gives me energy, do not have to nap every day, my thoughts and emotions are very thought out, have already improved in school.  I actually hear people when they talk to me now!  I am much more social, relaxed, and confident.  I feel like myself with Vyvanse.  Only downfall- makes me really tired when it wears off in the evening and I cannot drink more than 1 or 2 cups of coffee during the day, or else I get very anxious!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 20 years old and have been taking 60mg Vyvanse for a little more than 4 years now and It really helps me focus. It increases my attention span, clarity, and motivation without giving me jitters. However, I have experienced almost every side effect that comes with this medicine including insomnia, appetite loss, night time depression, flat-lined emotions throughout the day, ect. However, despite what you might think, there are ways around these bad side effects. Staying healthy is KEY. Making sure your keeping yourself hydrated and getting a good hour of exercise everyday can greatly reduce some of these bad side effects, and also hanging out with friends regularly helps too. This is just my experience though."
Review of Adderall: "My face breaks out in itchy blotchy spots and I never sleep"
Review of Concerta: "I am a 20 year old female and have been taking Concerta on and off for five years. I was diagnosed with ADHD during my freshman year of high school. Concerta has worked wonders for me. I started high school getting Ds and Fs and left with As and Bs. I would stop taking it every so often after lowering my dosage to see if I could manage without it but I would almost immediately lose my organization and more importantly my motivation. I did experience some side effects, including appetite loss and insomnia. These were easily cured by a dose modification. I am now the proud manager of a successful business."
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvance is the 4th medicine we've tried for our 7 year old son's ADHD.  He has been on Vyvance for close to a month now.  With Vyvance, he still has a personality, it has a more natural, gradual start and end so he seems more balanced overall.  With other medications, he would suddenly switch back to wild and impulsive as if you flipped a switch.  The negative is that his appetite is definitely low.  He has no interest in food during the day but gets hungry late at night.  He is not falling asleep well at all, still awake after 2 hours of lying in bed.  This is definitely due to the medication. He would always fall asleep within about 15 minutes.  We've yet to find the right one, but this is definitely the best so far."
Review of Adderall: "I'm 16 and not diagnosed with ADD, but have struggled my entire life in school and am constantly failing. I have trouble paying attention, staying focused, and devoting time towards school and homework. Starting around last year I would come home from school everyday very tired and go to sleep til 7 or 8pm. I got prescribed to Adderall this year and it's made a drastic improvement. I have all A's and B's now. But the downfalls are I talk a lot (no I'm not on it right now), and sometimes I focus but on pointless things, and after it wears off I get irritable, anxious and emotional. I wish it lasted longer also. The medicine has kind of taken a slight turn on me and am acting different, and my parents have noticed a change in me."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse has worked great for me. Before I started taking the medication I was like a walking zombie. I was zoned out about 90% of the day. Since I have started Vyvanse I can tell a huge difference and so can my family and friends. They say that I am more talkative and a great listener now and that I also seem much happier. The only downfall of this medication is some of the side effects, as in loss of appetite and sometimes I get headaches. I think I can deal with the side effects."
Review of Guanfacine: "My 8 year old son was diagnosed 2 years ago with ADHD. We knew in preschool something wasn't right.  I refused to medicate him until after his first report card in second grade.  I could not let his esteem fall from poor grades when we all know how bright he is.  He started off with Vyvanse 20 mg.  It worked well for him for the rest of that school year.  The next year we had to up it to 30 mg but we felt it wasn't effective.  This winter break we started Intuniv.  He is on his 3rd week.  He has increased appetite, focuses well, but is too sleepy in the evenings. He normally would have a hard time falling asleep.  Now he falls asleep at the table reading by 8.  I will continue the Intuniv but hoping it gets better."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am fifteen years old and started taking Vyvanse 30 mg dose in October.  I moved to 50mg and am now at 70mg.  At the lower dose I noticed definite improvement in my attention span and work ethic.  On the 70mg I feel anxious, depressed, and I have headaches constantly.  I feel like isolating myself socially from everyone else and am extremely moody.  I do not recommend more than 50mg of this medication to anyone."
Review of Strattera: "Everybody has a different chemical composition, what works for you may not work for others. For me this was legit mind and focus booster. I would be unemployed if it wasn't for this."
Review of Vyvanse: "Consistent control of symptoms all day."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall has been extremely effective in treating my inability to concentrate. It has also proven effective to some degree as an antidepressant. Another reason I really like it is the minimal side effects/withdrawal I get when I stop taking it abruptly after long periods of daily use. It has been a very effective, yet forgiving drug in my experience."
Review of Concerta: "Took 18mg Concerta for 5 days. On day two, I woke up and cleaned and tidied the whole house, my partner thought something was wrong with me! Then the side effects came... Nausea, depression, anxiety. By the time I was coming down at around 3pm I had to stay at home, I was unable to drive my car or even just go out. My doc wanted to try me on 5mg Ritalin 3x a day quick release but I refused. After reading the reviews on here about dexamphetamine I started them this morning. 5mg 3x a day. Hopefully this will be the one for me."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "This was one of many I tried. I was more satisfied with this one than any of the others. I never had headaches(with some I had terrible headaches!) the time release worked very well. Overall I rate this medicine the best in it's category."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have realized after my child started taking Vyvanse, her grades improved dramatically! She is able to concentrate and pay attention to what is going on instead of being confused. This medication has been working great for her and we have not had to up the dosage. It was very scary at first, however, it turned out to be a great decision."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This medication helps me stay focused at work. I used to have problems reading long groups on letters an numbers for verification. Using Adderall XR has cured this problem with no side effects."
Review of Ritalin: "I have only been on ritalin for a couple days now and the results are great. My concentration and focus has improved, I can get more things done and I feel more motivated and self assured. My social life is better and can keep a conversation going. The downsides for me where fast heart rate which made me feel anxious, a bad headache when I first took it and a decreased in appetite. Overall this is working for me so far and I would say to not abuse this drug, combine it with alcohol or anything else and to eat well before taking medicine. hope this helps"
Review of Atomoxetine: "Great stuff. Like any ADD med, if you have underlying depression or anxiety, I can see how this could exacerbate it. Caffeine used to make me super depressed. Take care of your depression before starting a stimulant.Anyways, this stuff is great. Vyvanse would make me super edgy and basically feel like ripping the world's juggler out with my bare hands. This stuff feels like that peak 5 minutes of coffee where you're like 'damn I wish this could last all day!'I sleep way better, I have a ton more energy. Things done bother me as much as they used to so I can focus on my work moreHowever, you should really work out to burn it off otherwise you could get a little aggressive. I know that I really don't put up with any shit while I'm on it"
Review of Vyvanse: "I really want parents to take a good look at what they may be about to give their children before they do so. If dopamine deficient; Vyvanse will initially appear to be amazing. Until a "tolerance" is built up when it will leave a person feeling as low/moody and agitated as they ever have. Recent studies indicate that mood disorders may mask themselves as ADD/ADHD. If you or your child is experiencing any of the major or severe emotional side effects of this or other stimulants; please consider that it could be mood disorders brought on by a dopamine deficiency. This is what happened to me and because I was aware of the symptoms of dependency and mood disorder, I recognized it immediately."
Review of Adderall XR: "I absolutely love Addreall. It helps me to complete my tasks and I have no problem skipping it when I don't have any projects or paper work to do. I don't ever think about it when I skip it. I believe it is a very great medicine for someone who is having a difficulty to focus on one task. Adderall has a bad reputation only because people abuse it. If you overeat, overdo or overtake anything - it will cause harm to your body. So it's not a surprise some people are getting addicted to Adderall. You have to UNDERSTAND why do you need it and why are you taking it. If you don't abuse it, if you take prescribed amount per day and if you skip it on weekends or whenever, you will be perfectly fine and it will serve you well."
Review of Dexedrine: "I was on two 15 mg spanuals a day. I felt great when I began taking them. Way more focused not just at home but at school too. My grades had improved tremendously. I had absolutely. No troubles with this medication. I was taking dexedrine. For a little over 10 years. Due to my other meds I now take I'm unable to continue to take dexedrine. I would recommend. Dexedrine to an adult or child."
Review of Adderall: "I had been taking Adderall (generic) for approximately five years but recently switched to dextroamphetamine because it was getting so hard to get Adderall due to (as the pharmacy said) "a manufacturer backorder".But talk about serendipity; the dextroamphetamine makes me clench my jaw a LOT less than the amphetamine salts and as I begin to lose focus at the end of the day I don't get a headache to boot. So overall I have to say the dextroamphetamine is significantly better than Adderall on several levels."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "When I was 12 years old. I woke up at 2 in the morning to blindingly agonizing pain, bad enough that I found myself screaming at the top of my lungs. But when I tried to get out of bed I found my strength fail me and plummeted to the ground hitting my head on my night table. My parents found me and brought me to the hospital. I only found out years later when reading a list of side effects and overdose symptoms just how harmful this drug is. The word limit doesn't allow me to even scratch the surface. I will say that it has left serious physiological scars that decades later have still not healed.I cannot deny that it did help me pay attention in class. But I would still advise any parent that loves their child to STAY CLEAR!"
Review of Concerta: "This is the best medicine my son has ever been on. He has done great in school. A's and B's all year."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I'm giving it a 5 for the moment. I just started it last week and it looks like I'll have to commit at least 2-3 months to see if it really helps. The first week, I was on 25mg and I could feel the change in productivity and lack of procrastination. However, when talking to people, I almost felt like I was over focusing which resulted in not hearing what they were saying at all. I did have a couple of days of facial flushing and water retention.Today I started 60mg and I haven't been as lethargic and tired in a long time! I got hardly anything done. My eyes were burning because I just wanted to sleep. I felt down on myself for being so lazy."
Review of Intuniv: "I was diagnosed with Bipolar 2 and ADHD.  Stimulant control of ADHD was out of the question because it would exasperate Bipolar 2. My doc started me tentatively on Intuniv and told me I may be groggy at first but over time it could help me feel more calm and focused. She was right. The first day I took it right before bed and woke up feeling lethargic. But every day since got progressively better. I was more calm, experienced less anxiety and mood swings, was able to focus and handle stresses more easily, and because I wasn't so anxious or emotional I wasn't overeating. My weight leveled out, I was sleeping through the night and quit getting insomnia, I was able to sit still through classes without fidgeting and really concentrate."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Having ADD has been a bumpy ride for me, especially when it comes to finding the correct medication. As a Mechanical Engineering major, my work load is very heavy and being able to focus is essential and Adderall Xr certainly gives me the ability to do so. I've been taking 30mg xr for about 2-3 years. Prior to adderall I took Vyvanse and Concerts which did not work as well for me as adderall. It also took me a while to work adderall into my schedule as efficient as possible as I don't like taking it EVERYday. But I've got to say I found a happy medium that allows for the least amount of side effects and it is working absolute wonders for me."
Review of Vyvanse: "My Son has been taking Vyvanse for about a year now 70mg but he was on other medications before this and although they helped, we had moved and the new doctor did not want to prescribe him anything but Vyvanse and after some research I actually found that Vyvanse is one of the best for ADHD. The only side effects he has had was loss of appetite and insomnia but he is taking something to help him sleep and he eats good in the morning before he takes his medicine just doesn't like eating lunch so I bribe him if he wants to go play games he must eat a snack just like an apple or something no more weight lose just a steady weight now. School has become so much easier for him with grades and the teachers see a great change in him. "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 14 year old girl and last year when in 8th grade I found out I was ADD. My doctor prescribed me Vyvanse. At first it took me a couple weeks to find out what worked for me (when to take it, eat first or after etc.). My grades at the time were horrible and they went up after I started taking Vyvanse. I have had a few of the side effects (dry mouth, loss of appetite, weight loss etc.) but this medication helps me focus a lot more."
Review of Guanfacine: "25 year old female taking 3mg of Intuniv.I started Intuniv while I was unemployed. It does really help with my focus, keeps me from being super hyper and helped my blood pressure. During this time I would take a lot of naps during the day or even just sleep in till noon. I thought it was just me liking naps and having not much to do during the day. Well I started a new job a month ago and have been falling asleep at my desk. I thought it was another medicine but it did turn out to be my Intuniv. So my doctor is having me go down and see if lower doses will help or not. If not he will be putting me on another medicine. I also tried not taking it for a couple of days, but it caused withdrawal symptoms at the end of day 2."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Doctor started me on 27 took that for 3 weeks for severe ADHD and it lost its effect so I was put up to 54 mg and amazing changes I get work done fast and I am motivated only problem is Crash is pretty awful for me, I get really sick to the stomach and drowsy. For the sick stomach I just use ginger but drowsyness can't do anything"
Review of Amphetamine: "Today was first day of use (15.7 mg), after switching from Adderal 30 mg daily. Could not tell I had taken anything at all. My thinking is no more clear. I have zero energy. Vyvance caused a tazer-like spasm down my spine, when I tried it a few years ago. Adderal has become less effective, but does still help me to focus."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been taking Ritalin for about 4 months now and it has helped me immensely. I'm a college student and suffer from ADD, Major Depressive Disorder and OCD. I was put on this during a hospitalization because in the past I was on Concerta and it worked wonders. So being on this medication I have been able to concentrate better on my schooling and other tasks. The downfall with this med is that it lasts for about 5 hours before it wears off. The other downfall is that I am recovering from an eating disorder and the loss of appetite makes it hard to want to eat."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "If you have a pacemaker , DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG.  I asked my psychiatrist if it would be ok to take this drug with a pacemaker,  he was wrong ! It put my pacemaker into rev me up mode. My cardiologist was not happy."
Review of Vyvanse: "My experience with the drug is somewhat unclear to me. I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 23, I'm 24 now. In that time I have trialled a series of drugs. Atomoxetine, Methylphenidate and now Vyvanse. Out of the lot, I would say this one has probably been the best. However, as time progressed I felt the effects of the medication deteriorate which is sad and frustrating. It almost feels like it only ups my mood (not tackle symptoms). However, the first time I took it was amazing. My ability to concentrate was unbelieveable! I felt a strong sense of motivation/confidence in what I had produced. Sadly this was limited and the positive effects began to deteriorate as time progressed. I will never forget the first period though, it was liberating"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Great when combined with Adderall (immediate release). I stay focused and organized, have consistent energy, and even speak more professionally at work. Con: Tightness in chest/anxiety on doses higher than 5mg. I seem to be highly sensitive to the XR, so I take 5mg three times a day with Adderall (immediate release) 10mg."
Review of Adderall: "This has worked very well for me. Am able to get things done without being all over the place, and actually feel great overall."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 17 year old high school student. I am very active, I play football, wrestle, and run track. I had always known that I wasn't stupid or anything, but I just didn't feel like applying myself. I started taking Vyvanse after the first marking period of grading my JR. I had 2 E's, 1 D-, 1 C, 1B  and 1A- (weight Lifting). So finally my mother took me to go get checked out and I was indeed ADHD. The first day I took it, I felt like I was on top of the world. I had turned in almost ALL makeup work, like I had to be doing something productive at all times. My next Grading Period Grades were all A's. My whole football team and wrestling team could not believe it. I felt so good about myself, I am on 70 mg because I burn a lot off."
Review of Intuniv: "My son has been on med since he was 5 for ADHD, he is 8 now. They started him on methylphenadate(Adderall) he didnt gain weight or grow at all hardly. He is now on Intuniv and we love it. He eats the house down. Its not a stimulant so thats wonderful."
Review of Metadate CD: "My 7yr old daughter was having a horrible time focusing in school and was very overweight. The doctor started her on Metadate 20mg and had to eventually move her up to 50mg a day. It worked great, she lost the weight and focused great in school until this year. She went to a new school and the days are a little longer. The teacher and I noticed that the medicine was not working as well as it used to and was wearing off before the end of the day! The doctor said that she could not up the dose because 50mg was the maximum and wouldn't let the school give a second dose so she has switched her to Adderell XR and it worked great but she can't sleep. I miss the Metadate and am thinking about getting a second opinion."
Review of Imipramine: "I have insomnia and fibromyalgia. The pain from the fibromyalgia is worsened when I can't sleep well.  My doctor prescribed this medication to me mainly for better sleep. He said that this medication was one of the first non-stimulant medication for ADHD (which I've been diagnosed with) and so it may help with my ADHD symptoms as well.  When I first started taking this I felt nauseated all the time, for about 2 1/2 weeks.  Once that passed I felt like I really was sleeping better.  About 2 months in I started having vivid hallucinations and 6 months I started having kidney pain and urinary tract problems.  I'm now trying to ween myself off of it because sadly the side effects are outweighing the better sleep."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been taking vyvanse for at least three to four years now pretty consistently. I have never wrote a review before on this medication because I was always at limbo about how I felt on it. I will say that vyvanse gets the job done as far as helping focus and pay attention to tasks. I am a full time student and this medication has helped me jump from a 2.5 GPA to a 3.5 GPA. I have taken up to 60 mg but I went through time periods where I would withdrawal myself from it and start back up again at 30 mg. The 30mg is way more manageable than any other dose I think. Although this medication has positively changed my life, it has also created issues for me. I am very tired when I do not take my medicine. Even if I miss a day.."
Review of Adderall XR: "Ever since I started taking the Adderall, I noticed I am more active, focused, and determined to achieve my goals. It helps me mentally and physically, so of course I definitely like being on it."
Review of Adderall: "I have been treated with CNS stimulants (methylphenidates and amphetamines) and Adderall has unequivocally been the most beneficial medication for ADHD. I have been on this medicine, 30 mg twice daily, for about 4 years and all of the major symptoms of ADHD are under control which in turn has allowed me to take back control of my life.  I would like to add that, for me, it has had a profound positive effect on comorbid Major Depressive Disorder, recurrent (moderate-severe). Tried virtually every antidepressant and various combinations/augmentations since age 22 (except for MAOIs) with little improvement. Now taking Pristiq 50 mg in the morning and a low-dose of mirtazapine (generic for Remeron) at bedtime. No relapse/recurrence in over a year!"
Review of Armodafinil: "This is a miracle pill for ADHD.  After years of searching for a solution that would work with my chemistry, I feel so blessed."
Review of Guanfacine: "My son is 13 and has been on Intuniv for 2 weeks. The first week we were in shock thinking "He is so NICE now".  In the 2nd week he seems to be getting more forgetful, less concentration. But he is eating so much more now. We were always saying eat, eat!  Not now.  Hopefully in time the concentration will be there. Some headaches."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am 18 and I've been on Concerta for just over a year now, and I took an extra year of high school to catch up, I went from a 60 in math to a 90, I felt like I had a whole new brain. Like others, I was a funny, outgoing, active person but I now find myself completely content with being alone, infact I prefer it. I easily become irritated by spending time with others. I've also experienced uncontrollable mood swings, and I spend a lot of time crying. Lately, I've been losing focus though regardless and my dosage is already at 54mg. I'm so happy with my grades, and in the beginning I was myself, but in the past few months I've become a machine, and all I think about is how much work I need to do."
Review of Focalin XR: "Our son has been on focalin xr for about 3 months. He was on regular focalin for 2 months previous to the xr, but because the medication would wear off so quickly, it was like he was on an emotional roller coaster. The xr has been better for those reasons. I still struggle with having my son on medication and the fact that his appetite is so little while on the medicine. But I'm happy to report he's doing well in school and cooperating. I don't like that he seems so serious when he's on the medicine because I don't want a little robot. But I can't have my son be so impulsive and unsafe. I also don't like that the medication wears off right around the time he gets home and he tantrums and acts terrible and all I do is correct behavior."
Review of Strattera: "Tried Strattera for ADHD, because I wanted to try a non-stimulant.  Within about a week, I was depressed and crying over the littlest things. It was NOT for me. Also diagnosed with anxiety, Zoloft mellowed me out, but too much so, I felt apathetic and gained weight.  Tried wellbutrin and became violently sick (throwing up.)  Adderall XR I didn't like, just felt high and tweaky.  Finally found relief in a combination of Vyvanse 30-40mg and Lamictal 150mg. Truly life changing, along with gluten/dairy free low sugar diet, and good sleep."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I would recommend this medication ONLY if you are 100% positive you need medication, by that I mean teachers and family recognizing the issue. My mom finally decided to give me concerta during early middle school after my teachers advised it for a few years. I recommend beginning with 9 mg and slowly going up if needed. This medication is horrible in my life in the sense that I feel like I need it to do good in school, especially now I'm in college. But it causes me to be incredibly depressed. I continue to take it because grades are first, but for kids I recommend keeping a very close eye on them and follow up on depression issues because as a kid in middle school, it was horrible."
Review of Adderall: "I have taken Adderall for over a year and I have had great results. I take 20mg twice a day. I stay on task and accomplish so much more in a day. Initially, I was shaky and jittery and not sure about Adderall, but it was stopped and I feel the full benefits of the drug. The only side effects I would tell someone about would be 1) DRY MOUTH, 2)loss if appetite (good for me though), and 3) sometimes hard to get to sleep at night. These are trivial, given the amount of benefit I see from Adderall."
Review of Adderall XR: "I take Adderall XR 30mg 1 time per day, when I started I worked great as long as I took it before 12:00 noon, afternoon I was up all night, after about 3 months, I could not tell that I had taken anything, my Dr. added 1mg intuitive it seems to work ok, I am about to the 7th month and back to I can't tell weather or not I take it. I do not have a past of any dependencies or addictions (except nicotine) so I am not sure where I will go from here. All in all it is a good Med for ADHD. The only side effects are dry mouth and grinding my teeth as it wears off."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I've been on and off Adderall XR for a couple years and I've always hated that 'crash' when the medicine starts wearing off. Vyvanse doesn't have that crash and it lasts a lot longer than Adderall. It's the best medicine I've been on so far."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "It was very effective. My insurance will not pay it for me but Doctor gave me samples. I think I finally found the right medicine for me with other medicines."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Works great!"
Review of Armodafinil: "After a few days on Nuvigil (after experiencing Provigil) I found it to be excellent for my ADHD.  Provigil made me feel anxious all day to the point I could not run or workout in comfort.  The first day on Nuvigil was the only day I had this feeling.  The side effects for me are dry mouth and suppressed appetite.  It is so nice to be focused.  The worst effect was muscle weakness! I went from running 7 miles to not being about to run more then 7 minutes. "
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "Our son has been on focalin xr for about 3 months. He was on regular focalin for 2 months previous to the xr, but because the medication would wear off so quickly, it was like he was on an emotional roller coaster. The xr has been better for those reasons. I still struggle with having my son on medication and the fact that his appetite is so little while on the medicine. But I'm happy to report he's doing well in school and cooperating. I don't like that he seems so serious when he's on the medicine because I don't want a little robot. But I can't have my son be so impulsive and unsafe. I also don't like that the medication wears off right around the time he gets home and he tantrums and acts terrible and all I do is correct behavior."
Review of Vyvanse: "It would be nice if everyone put the dosage in the message.   There could be a correlation to the score and the age of the child.  I have noticed age is usually there but if you were to list dosage, age, and sex - it would be great."
Review of Guanfacine: "My adopted 13 y.o. son has fetal alcohol syndrome causing severe ADHD and failure to thrive. Has been on Concerta for four years. For years his special Education teachers let him run around in the halls to tire him out and lessen the hyperactivity. Even with the Concerta at 36 mg he was extremely hyper. He started Intuniv about a year ago, takes 3 mgs per day plus a reduced Concerta dose (18 mg). No side effects of note. He seems to be doing better hyperactivity wise in school, but I have not noticed a big difference at home. I also still have big problems with him homework-wise too. At 10 y.o. he weighed 60 lbs, with reduction in Concerta dose, he's finally gaining weight (13 y.o., 91 lbs) so that's the trade off we're making."
Review of Adderall: "When I began taking Adderall in my early 20's, from dose one I could say I feel "normal" for the first time in my life since I was a young boy. I was happy and life had meaning and a reason. It allowed me to become productive, and I loved this new feeling of well being in both mind and body. It came after a decade of severe depression, anxiety and panic states, and a multitude of psych issues, and I was like a person on the outside, but inside a disease of agonizing mental anguish and physically I hurt of severe pain but no physical evidence that I was like a 20 year old young man who was only alive because I would not die. A tablet of Adderall changed my life and it is my key to life worth living."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 17 and been on Vyvance for about two years. I had always had a really hard time paying attention in class and getting any kind of work done, so my mom took me to the Dr and he diagnosed me with severe ADD. He put me on Strattera and I was good on it, until they upped my dosage. I'm normally a really happy, easy going person, do not get mad easily AT ALL, but on the Strattera, I was moody and was having nightmares, couldn't sleep. So he put me on Ritalin. It was the same as the Strattera, moody, nightmares, and the added increased heart rate. So finally, the Dr said he was going to try Vyvanse. I was really scared because of the past experiences, but I tried it. I slept, felt good, and am able to focus!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was not officially diagnosed with ADD until I was 30yrs old. I have been on Vyvanse for over 10 yrs now. I have had to increase my amount from 30 to 50 and have now been at 60 for over a year now. Sometimes I feel it causes irritability, but other than that only dry mouth. It has definitely helped with my attention disorder. It initially made me lose 10lbs and then leveled out. I have always been athletic except when my chronic pain is too bad. My son has ADHD and took Concerts for about 2 yrs. It helped tremendously with his anger and outburst and his grades. I only wish that my parents had me tested when I was younger as we did for my son. It would have taken away a lot of heartache! My daughter never suffered thankfully."
Review of Guanfacine: "No side affects on my six year old the first two weeks except for a tummy ache, the last two nights she has woke up screaming completely tripping throwing pillows scratching her head hallucinating and seeing stuff I do not recommend this pill to anyone.!!!! Expecially a kid she is on the lowest dose 1 mg. she won't be taking it anymore!!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Helps greatly."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This is a great medicine for focus but it has a downside to it as well. It can cause chest pains. So you must be careful with usage. "
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I have been taking focalin since the 6th grade. My ADD has improved. Everyday, I feel jittery and I shiver uncontrollably. My stomach hurts a lot and when I don't take it consecutively, my appetite goes away. I either eat nothing or everything in sight. I'm naturally skinny but when I don't eat,I'm afraid people will think that's why I'm skinny. I am insanely tired everyday, and my medication used to pick me up but now it doesn't. I hate coffee and I've tried caffeine tablets (they make me 3x more jittery). I have abused focalin before. I tried to get high on 3 different occasions, but they all have been unsuccessful. I have terrible anxiety."
Review of Guanfacine: "My 6yr old was diagnosed with ADHD and I never wanted to put her on medication until recently the school pretty much made me bc of her disruptive behavior. Her grades have always been good but the adhd got so severe it was causing anger outburst n bed wetting. This was her first day taking 1mg intuniv and my husband and I could see the difference almost instantly! We are definitely amazed so far. I hope this keeps working. I've also seen parents on here talk about it being too expensive, if you look up clinics that are income based a lot of the income based doctors/clinics have a pharmacy at the same location and you can get the medication at the income based price as well we paid only $7.10 for the medicine. Hope this helps!"
Review of Adderall XR: "I am 21, I'm studying in physics and I have been on adderall for almost 2 years now. I started at 15 mg and I am now at 25 mg. It was good the first year, very effective. But now, I don't think it really helps. I feel sleepy with it and I lost attention very quickly. I don't think the dose is the problem, I feel the effect and I think that increasing the dose will augment the anxiety cause by it (I noticed that each time I had to augment the doses, the side effects was worst). I'm gonna return to Ritalin tonight, it was way more effective. Or maybe another one with methylphenidate. Concerta didn't works for me, maybe biphentin should."
Review of Concerta: "I used concerta for my ADD and it worked pretty good.  It gave me a little boost and helped me concentrate better but it kind of just felt like I was on a controlled form of caffeine. The side effects were a lack of hunger, mood swings, and the crash was terrible. I felt tired and got in a terrible mood.  So it does help I'm not going to lie but I have since switched to another medicine because the side effects were too much for me."
Review of Clonidine: "I have 6 kids.All with Adhd/Autisum. Clondine was a god sent to my kids....we tried so many types and doses of meds....this has been the best...thank you"
Review of Adderall: "I have  been diagnosed with ADD . I have always pushed myself to get good grades and to take as many AP and honors classes as I can handle. I enjoy learning about new things; however, my lack of focus got in the way of my learning. It bothers me when people say ADD/ADHD is made up. I know that people who don't have this disorder can't truly understand what it's like. Without adderall my mind is foggy and I can't take the fog away to learn about the things that I love. All my friends know that I have a strong passion for physics and astronomy, but it's very hard for me to pick up a book without forgetting most of what I read after I finished it. On adderall I feel like the fog fades always and my mind is like a clear sunny day. Oh how I wish that I didn't have to take this every day and just naturally be as focused. I am just an 18 year old who is trying to pursue her dreams, but without this medication I'm not sure how I can get through college to learn what I love. I can now look through my telescope at the stars without the clouds getting in the way."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This pill marked R351 amphetamines/dextroamphetamine doesn't have much effectiveness if any. I'm prescribed 2-20mg a day. This brand doesn't last very long maybe 1-2 hr per 1-20mg."
Review of Zenzedi: "Optimal"
Review of Daytrana: "My daughter was on Daytrana for ten years and yes it did help keep her calm and focused during school but at what costs.She was put on it from 2007 till 2016. Her school requested for her to be put on adhd medication. Daytrana was prescribed by her doctor sense we couldn't get her to take pills.  You basically apply in on top of your ovaries if you are a girl.  Of course I asked all of the questions that a concerned parent would. Here we are ten years later and she is fifteen and flat chested and just now finally got her period. I am now wondering if she can even have children later on of course but worrying. Our other daughter is 11 and got her period and is about a b cup and she is a foot taller, she however is not adhd or on meds."
Review of Metadate CD: "Our 6-yr-old daughter has been on this for 6 months.  At first we also thought it was a miracle drug. Her handwriting improved tremendously, her attention span was great, etc., however, it did wear off around 3 PM and we were in for a horrible evening every night.  We tried a booster of 10 mg of methylphenidate at 3 PM but that has just brought out oppositional-defiant disorder.  We now are about to try Concerta.  I definitely would recommend Metadate CD, though, because for the most part it gave us back our daughter."
Review of Strattera: "Did absolutely nothing."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I first started 18 mg once a day, no noticeable change. Then increased to 40 mg once a day, at first I seemed to just be calm and zombie like with no change to my ADD. Then, 2-3 weeks later insomnia, paranoia, depression, rage, panic attacks, and severe anxiety consumed me so badly I couldn't leave my house. I feared for my safety and the safety of others so I stopped the drug immediately! I was having thoughts of violence toward others and myself, I am a 28 year old woman and was on no other medications and no other conditions besides ADD. I'd rather just deal with my ADD than all those scary feelings I've never had before."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was prescribed Adderall XR 15mg six months ago after trying Focalin XR and not liking it because of severe stomach pains it would give me. Before trying the Adderall and Focalin I was diagnosed with ADHD because I brought it to my doctors attention. I had always had a problem in high school and even middle school with getting good grades, everyone thought I was lazy. In college the situation was getting worse, and I started to get depressed about my bad grades. I then realized my depression was stemming from my inability to concentrate on school work. It's been six months since I've been on the Adderall XR, and my grades have shot up! I get A's and B's in all my classes and am so much more organized which helps with everything in my life."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have been taking 20 mg of Adderrall once a day in the AM, for about 6 months now. I started out at 5 mg and have increased to 20mg. I am 36,  I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia about a year ago following what seemed like a million tests and lots of money later. My specialist put me on the drug after we talked about my issues of staying on task, memory, concentration, and inability to comprehend normal everyday activities and instructions. Looking back, I seem to think I have always had some sort if this "problem" but with this onset diagnosis, it has gotten a lot harder to focus. I feel it will only get worse over time. I was curious if anyone has ever taken this medication for this particular DX or can give any advice? Has it helped? Thanks"
Review of Mydayis: "Works great! Lasts longer than Adderall XR and gets me through my 12 hours shift as a nurse. No crash at the end of the day."
Review of Strattera: "I hated this medication! I became so sick when my doctor put me on it.  I took myself off of it and magically the next day I was %100 better.  My doctor tried to tell me it wasn't the medication so I tried it again but, magically I got sick again.  "
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 18 year old daughter has been on Daytrana patches for more than 5 years.  She needs a 40 mg dose, and 30 mg is the strongest patch. Benefits are MANY.  Though 9 hours is the recommended time for wearing the patch, my daughter routinely wears them for 14 hours daily to get school work and homework done.  She wears them 16 or more hours if she has a date, or there is a school function that lasts late e.g. PROM.  This has allowed her to avoid those horrible "impulse control" issues most ADD kids experience.  Daytrana has allowed her to avoid the highs and lows that occur with other medications.  We love Daytrana."
Review of Concerta: "Amazing medicine. Helped with my recently diagnosed ADHD-PI (ADD). I am on 27mg and have no known side-effects. It has boosted my grades and my work is done quicker. It is the best thing that has happened to me. I haven't registered my ADD as a chronic illness, but know I will get it covered fully if I do."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Ritalin has changed my life for the better. Family and friends could see how happy I was. I was able to finish what I started instead of 20 progject. A fill in Dr said he would not prescribed me my Ritalin because I was 61years old that I was too old. My regular dr is out of town. I am withdrawing and very tired and depressed and I want to die or I will if. These thoughts of after life will be painless live alone and no one will find me for days"
Review of Concerta: "34 years old diagnosed back in Oct 14 started meds at 18mg fine 1st day then no real benefit after that  I hoped the increase would help did for a while. Now on 54mg and I'm not in a great place and emotionally feel low  and feel desperate. My relationship has broken down I'm hoping tomorrow I can change meds"
Review of Intuniv: "This has to be taken at least 3 weeks to see if it works/get adjusted  to the Body.  This has been a Transformation for my Little brother Age 6 still in kindergarden he used to be very moody and seemed to get very hyper all the time. I would recommend this med to anyone suffering from ADHD and other behavioural issues. Side effects seem to be tolerable and gets less by time has had mild headaches and vivid dreams."
Review of Vyvanse: "No problem, never really felt high or speedy. When I didn't take it I was very disorganized and couldn't focus. I find that when it is out of my system after 12 hours I am extremely tired. I take trazone 50 mg. for sleep also really hard to get going in the morning. After the vyvanse kicks in I'm ok at about 8 after taking it at 6am. I do take xanax 1 mg. with it."
Review of Adderall: "This medication has changed my life. I was prescribed Adderall due to ADHD and chronic fatigue and it has greatly improved my quality of life in regards to both diagnosis. I am on a very small dose and have room to take more on particularly bad days, but 10mg on a regular, daily basis is the perfect amount for me."
Review of Concerta: "I am taking this medicine for ADD. Very positive, this medication has changed my life. I am much more productive. Only side effects are loss of appetite and increased anxiety."
Review of Focalin XR: "Our 11 year old son is diagnosed with ADHD inattentive type and has been on this medicine for 14 months now. It made a big difference for him. He is on 15mg Focalin RX. If he doesn't take it for a day, the teacher can really tell the difference. He can focus now and became a part of the class, contributes to the conversation and also has an easier time with his social life. He doesn't hate school anymore.We don't see any behavioral issues at home when it wears off. He has appetite loss, so he eats a big breakfast before he takes the medication. He also got used to eat a sandwiches at school even if he is not hungry. It became a part of his routine."
Review of Adderall: "I've been taking 60mg of Adderall a day for 14 years now. It's a miracle! I don't think I would have made it through high school or college without it. I started when I was 14 and starting high school. I loathed getting up early, but shortly after taking my pills I was awake and motivated to get ready and go about my day. It made boring classes seem more interesting. It gives you this focus and drive to be productive.I don't feel like myself without them. I'm cranky, unmotivated, eat and sleep a lot if I don't take it. Just be cautious with dosage. You do develop a tolerance to it over time. If your blood pressure goes way up and you feel jittery or shaky, your taking too high of a mg. People should start with 10 or 20mg at first."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Love the results we're getting, but now we have side effects - severe side effects.  Just found out by coming to this site that it can cause seizures, which is what we are going through now.  My son had a seizure last night, but the ER doctor told us that there's been no reports of it causing seizures...hmmm...interesting."
Review of Adderall: "I have been off and on this drug since age 17. My advice if you take it and it works, take it as directed. I'm a recovering alcoholic and I take it now as directed. "
Review of Dexedrine: "Works well for my ADD but DON'T ever mix with alcohol! I am an alcoholic who comes from a alcoholic background handed down several generations of my family tree. I take my Dex. as prescribed (5 mg 3x daily, a small dose by choice compared to 45 mg 3x daily  when I was younger and not in charge of my own health needs) But when I binge drank I would always mix the alcohol with Dex. up to 50 mg a night  so I could keep drinking. Lost many friends, wife, and the the respect of too many due to my actions, aggressions, combativeness stances and so on. Alcoholics beware. I'm sober now and take it one day at a time. I still take my Dex. but ONLY as prescribed. I am 35 and have taken it since age 12."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I switched to Mydayis from Vyvanse. The effects of Mydayis last longer than Vyvanse, but just asin my experienceVyvanse did not last fourteen hours, Mydayiss duration of action falls short of the sixteen hours as advertised by Shire. Nonetheless, I still hold Mydayis superior to Vyvanse and Adderall."
Review of Strattera: "I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 9. I'm now 22. I've been on many medications for it. My favorite would have to be Adderall because it works now. Strattera is time release and it takes weeks to actually notice a difference. If you have patience for it then I'd recommend it."
Review of Concerta: "Very stable medicine in the sense of little personality change and no physical side effects other than loss of appetite in the first week. I am 58 years and believe this medicine is the first ADD medication that I have noticed is truly effective.  It has helped my concentration and increased the length of time I work without any distractions.  As some others have commented, some "passion" has been removed as a trade-off in of efficiency in work and a greater degree of focus.  I think my sense of humor has somewhat diminished and everything is more important in some ways and seriousness has replaced my having fun nature.  I believe on the whole it has made a positive improvement in the way I function."
Review of Concerta: "I have been using Concerta for about 3 weeks now and it has changed my life drastically. I am a Film Writer and Director and can already tell a difference in the way I am filming, my co-workers as well can tell. It is awesome! The only side effect is that I am less hungry, which is okay in my book or in any other womans book. It is not a horrid loss of appetite but still, I have loss 5 lbs in 3 weeks. Which again is alright. ;D"
Review of Evekeo: "The only ADHD medication I have taken that doesn't have awful side effects. It makes you more alert and productive with out the headaches and and hungover feeling that I get with adderall and focalin. I don't think it effects everyone the same but it has been a real lifesaver for me."
Review of Strattera: "I have been looking for a medication that will keep me at a stable pace all day, not with the several ups and downs I experience on Motiron and Ritalin. I have tried Adderall, Ritalin, Straterra, and more than 3 other medications. But of all the medications I have tried, Straterra gave me the worst side effects by far. I felt sick to my stomach, irritable, toxic, I had a headache for 3-4 hours a day and the come down was terrible. I went through extreme periods of depression and anxiety while on this medication for only 2 weeks! I know some people can feel the effects after a few weeks, but for me it just wasn't worth it to continue. Hope it works for others but this non-stimulant was all side-effects and no help for my ADHD."
Review of Amphetamine: "Evekeo works great. It's more mild in regards to excitability in comparison to adderall.  Evekeo is Amphetamine Sulfate and carries 50% dextroamphetamine and 50% levoamphetamine.  Adderall is 75% dextroamphetamine and 25% levoamphetamine, so Evekeo is much smoother and wears off slowly vs adderall's fluctuating tapering.  It is much different than adderall.  Evekeo doesn't make you feel wired like adderall does.  It's a cleaner medicine.  Evekeo is a freebase Amphetamine while adderall has 4 different salts.  I would recommend the makers of Evekeo to make higher milligram tablets.  It's similar to a 10mg adderall IR.  It's just the ratio of ingredients that's the difference. Duration is said by pharmacists to be 12 hr's, buts more like 6."
Review of Dexedrine: "tried adderall, ritalin, etc.  since I have co-morbid anxiety they made me "tweek".  Very anxiety provoking.  Dexadrine, however, proved to be the exception.  It's feel is more relaxed and focused.  I take less of my Klonipan and Xanax because of the feeling of control and the ablitly to finish tasks.  I am glad I researched and suggested it to my doctor, who by the way now is a believer in dexedrine for patients who do not respond to adderall and ritalin."
Review of Intuniv: "My daughter is 9 and has been switching through several stimulant ADHD medicines for 2 years. She can't sleep at night without a sedative and she weighs 65 pounds, at almost 10 years old because she just can't eat. She would literally eat something small for breakfast and nothing for the rest of the day, most hopeless feeling watching your child starve and refuse to eat. We are switching to this and Vyvanse, from clonidine and Concerta. It's only her fist day, but she ate 3 FULL meals today, we are hoping to get her down to just this medication, but you can't just pull her off the stimulants. I'll be sure to post and update how happy I am with it several times to see how it progresses. After reading here I am very hopeful."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse has helped me tremendously. I'm a 26 year old college student diagnosed with ADD. I started out taking 50mg and it was only working for about 4-6 hours so after a few months the doctor took me up to 70mg that lasts me 8-10 hours, which is GREAT. It helps me focus so much and get things done, plus I'm making way better grades."
Review of Methylphenidate: "This patch was not very useful to me. All it did was irritate my skin and cause a huge loss in appetite. While on this, however, I lost no weight. "
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvanse changed my life for the better. I've been taking it for almost 2 years now and I honestly don't know where my life would be headed or where I'd end up without it, but looking at the direction it was going in before I got diagnosed with ADD, I wouldn't have gone far and probably ended up as a loser. I can finally read a book and know what I read or do my homework on my own! Since this medication; I stopped making stupid choices, went from D's to all B's. It helped my depression and it changed my life dramatically. My relationship with my friends and family has grown stronger. Before Vyvanse I pictured my future as a druggy, now I have a job and I am looking forward to becoming a vet."
Review of Concerta: "I have a nine year old son who was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of six. We tried Focalin first and it made him extremely weepy. A month later we tried Vyvanse and had a good experience with it for three years. There was a major rebound effect but we felt lucky to have some relief from symptoms for the hours that we did and dealt with the negatives. We moved from CA to a high altitude state and his meds went haywire. We tried Strattera for two months and he had a stable mood but zero focus. We started Concerta two weeks ago and are extremely happy. We aren't dealing with an afternoon rebound!!!! He is pleasant. He can focus. We are hopeful that the good will continue. I suggest trying this drug or another one if you aren't 100% satisfied."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son is 12 and uses Vyvanse 50mg. I have seen a big difference in his behavior and attitude. We tried quite a few other ADHD prescriptions but this one is a miracle."
Review of Dexedrine: "This is the best medicine I've ever tried. It's very smooth and easy on body with least side effect."
Review of Mydayis: "Not helpful for hyperactivity. Lasts a long time but doesn't help much.  On 50mg but maybe the dose recommendation is too low."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have tried many different prescriptions over the years to treat ADD, with various degrees of success. On other medications, I felt as though my thought patterns were altered or constrained. While on Strattera, its great to not even notice it's influence other than that I now feel as though I am better equipped to organize my thoughts. Every medication will have side effects but I think the benefits of taking a non-stimulant medication are worth it."
Review of Atomoxetine: "The side effects were terrible. The first day my heart was racing so fast, I had dry mouth, headache, chills, sweating, and woke up every hour after falling asleep at 10pm. I usually sleep through the night. The 2nd day of taking Strattera my eyes were dilated and my husband said my eyes looked weird. I thought I would sleep better since I took the medicine in the morning but I was wrong. Fell asleep at 10pm, woke up sweating with a fast pulse...really fast. Woke up every 2 hours. Just terrible. The 2 days I took it I had energy to do tasks around the house but the side effects of not sleeping and my eyes dilating were too much. Plus my heart rate was all over the place."
Review of Daytrana: "Im actually an adult on the patch. I am 28. female. I've been trying to find the right stimulant with bearable side effects since I was in high school. Please excuse the lengthy review I just know the search can be tough and long. I have Depression, ADD, GA & SA, and OCD skin(cuticle) picking tendencies. It's been very hard finding a stimulant that didn't worsen my anxiety related symptoms. I could tolerate 5mg adderrall XR but my body burned through both the XR and IR in about 3 hours. Then I would crash for the rest of the day (depressed, irritable, anxious).  Vyvanse gave me zero motivation and made me calm but in a weird way. For example, I didn't care or worry about anything... I didn't even want to talk to people. I would just want to sit there alone and stare at a wall or something. It was nice to be that relax but too weird. But the real problem was the crash! It was the most extreme of all the stimulants I've tried by far! I took it only twice and threw it out. I almost didn't try Daytrana patch because Ritalin was actually the first stimulant I tried, which was over 10 years ago and I remember similar symptoms to that I had on adderrall. I ended up giving it a try with the logic that it might be smoother since its was for children and I was also desperate since I'm working and study for the GRE. I'm so happy I gave Daytrana a shot!! I'm telling you if you suffer from anxiety, can't tolerate the crashes, and metabolize the other stimulant too fast you have got to try this one!! I've only been on it for a week but I can't believe it! I leave it in for the whole 9 hours and I never crash. In comparison to Adderall is still the best stimulant for getting you motivated, I have to motivate myself a little but unlike adderall I can stay focused ALL day with Daytrana. Im also less likely to do something "stimulanty" like start reorganizing my closet for no reason but I do get the necessary cleaning, errands, bills etc done effortlessly. And the best part is that it doubles as an anti-depressant since, what I assume is the increased dopamine stays in my system pretty much all day and night. The "happiness" doesn't feel like a high it feels more like an absence of depression. I don't have anymore of the repetitive negative thoughts. The constant emotions of hopelessness, guilt, embarrassment, you name it, just aren't there anymore. There is still a mild degree of sadness I carry with me but I have major depression so I feel like it's only normal and I can handle that :)!! As far as the negative side effects: Like all the stimulants I've been on I still have the insomnia, loss of appetite, and increase urge to pick at my cuticles at night when it's wearing off. But there is not a "crash". no evenings being completely drained of energy, fits of irritation, major anxiety or depression. Also, the patch is applied to your hip and I'm experiencing some muscle tension in my legs which I think might be slowly subsiding. Im drinking a lot of water and taking vitamins in precaution of cramps.  Advice on taking the patch off- It's easier for me to take it off when it's wet. I do it in the shower/bath or rub it off with a warm wash cloth.  Good luck!"
Review of Guanfacine: "My 5 year old started in this for hyperactivity related to ADHD. This drug is NOT a narcotic as some mention. There are side effects of making someone tired and drowsy. For my son, those subsided quickly and he became the child I always knew he could be-nearly perfect but still his spunky self. Of course I should have known it would be too good to be true because after 4-6 weeks the positive effects have subsided. He's back to losing everything, fussying about everything and just generally not listening. The doctor says its placebo effect but I don't buy that. His behavior and sleep are back to the way they were pre-medication. It's worth a try for ADHD overall though."
Review of Desoxyn: "This drug has the highest rating because it works the best.  It is a shame that the insurance companies have such a hard time giving people the drugs that work.  I have such issues with the other drugs that treat my ADHD that I have stopped taking any because the insurance company wont pay for desoxyn.  Shame on them!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I wanted this medication to work because I often forget to take my second generic adderral dose on time. However, Mydayis is not the wonder drug I wanted it to be. It takes up to 2 hours to kick in (something they hide in the facts) and even though I "worked" this drawback by waking up earlier to take it there wasn't enough positives to keep me taking it past week four. It lasted about 6 hours before it quickly declined and leaving me with even worse ADD symptoms. It was so bad I couldn't have a conversation or focus enough to make dinner without skipping into laundry, cleaning, or some other distractions. Without the use of any medication I have never had symptoms this bad. If this wasn't bad enough I had horrible nausea and indigestion."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 21 yrs old and work and am a full time nursing student. This medication has affected my personality. I am usually a bright bubbly person and don't take anything too personal. After a week of this medicine (40 mg) I noticed I'm snapping at people over absolutely nothing. I feel like I've become bipolar, one moment I'll  be beyond happy and focused, the next irritated, then angry. Then crying over nothing. I've become mouthy to my instructors and don't like long conversations anymore. People seem to irritate me and there's only a few that I can stand being around for a long period of time. I've already made mean remarks to some of my fellow students, which isn't me at ALL. Maybe this medication isn't for everyone."
Review of Methamphetamine: "After trying Strattera, Vyvanse, Adderall and Dexedrine with side-effects that interfered with my daily life, I was prescribed Desoxyn.  A smaller dose of Desoxyn gives a far greater primary effectiveness than any other medicine, and with significantly less side-effects than any other medicine.  As far as my ADHD is concerned, this medication is absolutely amazing at helping me out."
Review of Vyvanse: "I had taken Adderal for years.  90mg daily. It was suggested by my psychiatrist to start taking the Vyvanse.  I have really noticed a decrease in my energy level, and sometimes I struggle with motivation issues.  I take 70mg daily. I sometimes have to check to make sure that I did remember to take it that day."
Review of Metadate CD: "I wrote a former review on this medication a while back. I want to re-edit my review with a new one thats founded upon newer trials. I took the medication, how my doctor told me to (* not how it was perscribed on the bottle *). He said, take this 1x daily (* 30mg *) when you have work or school. Well, having ADHD-PI I need to take this DAILY - meaning everyday. Without it, I'm a mess. I can't focus on social conversations (* I always feel like I'm "lost in translation" *)With this medication, I am confident I can pursue my studies at college - without experiencing defeat, and hold down a job and friendships. I may not be my wacky spontaneous self when I'm on it but it's worth it I guess."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been taking Concerta for the past 14 years since it came out (24 now) and I don't plan on changing unless I'm forced. I've tried other medications and none work as well with as few side effects. Right now I take the 54mg. Sure I experience some side effects, but I've learned to manage them over the years (force myself to eat etc). The treatment of ADD/ADHD is only effective through a multifaceted approach, medication AND counseling/therapy/behavior coaching. Without Concerta I would never have made it through school or had successful relationships. ADD makes life hard, but with the right combination of treatments it is more than manageable."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have always done well in school, but my time management, organizational skills, motivation, and overall thought/idea clarity have lacked.  I went back to college at 29 to finish 2 year degree, and decided to finish 4 year while I am at it.  I was diagnosed with ADHD this past fall, and put on Adderall IR then XR, then back to IR because it just didn't work that well, and quite frankly it made me too anxious at times.  Dr. at school just put me on 30 mg of Vyvanse as an alternative to Adderall, and it works very well.  I worry about drug interactions but it works great and I'm incredibly focused on my everyday tasks with this medication."
Review of Methylphenidate: "18mg dose, day 1. Was hungover so took paracetamol, had taken ritalin as a kid and this is the first time I had meds in years, had a migraine, was irritable, tunnel vision, extreme anxiety almost brought to tears, slight suicidal tendancies, hallucinations relating to anxiety and had a hard time articulating myself as my memory was shot and my thoughts were rapid and I felt impulsive and dehydrated very easily, however I feared worse effects from withdrawels so I took it again the next day and I played abit of guitar and that set my mood for the whole day, constantly euphoric. ive just passed day 3 and hardly felt any effect off the drug, overall remained productive and achieved everything I wanted even on worst day. Will see how it goes."
Review of Amphetamine: "Been on this for about 3 months now.  At first it was great in keeping me focused on tasks at work and at home but it is starting to not be as effective I feel.  My dr. prescribed me the 18.8mg variety based on my weight and also because I am a gastric bypass patient as I digest and absorb things differently which is why we didn't go the more known route of adderall.  As I've taken this medication, especially over the last month I've noticed I have more anxiety, and I'm not my normal happy go lucky self.  I have a follow up in April with my doc and will address these issues then to see what other game plan we can come up with.  I've heard from a friend that also had gastric bypass that she takes vyvanse"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I suffered from severe depression and anxiety in my early teens and was prescribed Lexapro. It had no effect whatsoever. At 17 I was diagnosed with ADHD and prescribed Vyvanse. This drug single-handedly solved these problems the instant the first dose kicked in. Like other patients I experienced the need to increase dosage as the effects weakened. I got up to 75mg and eventually backed down to 50mg as it was interfering with my sleep. However, unlike others this dosage has been sufficient for 4 or 5 years. This has been a wonder drug for me, but after 6 years, I'm starting to question its role in other life issues I've been having. My social anxiety is now worse than ever, and I find it difficult to remember and perform various obligations."
Review of Intuniv: "Great medication! No side effects and I feel like myself! I'm doing things without bring asked I'm normally asked 5 times to do!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "If you have social anxiety don't take more than 40 milligrams of Vyvanse because you'll be extremely anxious. I'd also suggest taking 0.25 milligrams of Klonopin in the afternoon to help with the moodiness and anxiety amphetamines cause as they wear off."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm on Vyvanse for ADD and social phobia. I also take 1 milligram of clonazepam, which helps with the anxiety stimulants may cause. In my experience, you'll crash and feel extremely anxious, depressed, and moody when taking anything less than 60 milligrams."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I was really irritated and aggressive all the time. My patience was almost non-existent. I broke my car window when I started taking this drug."
Review of Vyvanse: "I started taking 30mg Vyvanse about 2 months ago. Prior to this, I've been unmedicated for ADHD for about 20 years. For this time I have been coping with inattentiveness and failing school grades. When I first took Vyvanse I noticed the effects after about 30 minutes. My head felt very focused and conversations with people became very clear. For the first time in a long time I could listen to someone for longer than 1 minute without my mind trailing off to another thought. I try to take Vyvanse as earlier as possible. Usually I take it around 8:00am with 9:00am being the latest. Taking Vyvanse after this time tends to keep me up past midnight. Vyvanse lasts about 12-15 hours for me."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This medicine is a SAVING GRACE! It 100% helps me be able to focus in school. Not only that but I find myself able to start AND finish projects with great detail!"
Review of Dexedrine: "I have struggled with ADD for years and was put on a moderate dosage of ritalin in high school. But it gave me anxiety like you wouldn't believe. I ignored my ADD after high school and started dexedrine in college. What a difference! It helps me to focus much better and give me the energy to finish what I start. My procrastination has never been lower. I only give it a 9 because I sometimes need to make myself focus when the meds are an hour or two from wearing off."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I've had experience with multiple ADHD medications, including strattera, vyvanse, adderall (xr, ir), and dexedrine (ir). Long story short, these were not effective for me.I've just started focalin ir, 10 mg 2x/day. To me, it's similar to amphetamine-based meds (adderall, etc.), but not as aggressive on my body, with much less of a "crash" when it wears off. It is effective at improving focus, motivation, and even my mood to an extent. I rated it an 8 simply because I've just started, but it seems promising for continued use."
Review of Concerta: "I have been taking this medicine for over 6 years now. I was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of nine (now 24) and have taken numerous other ADHD meds. I feel out of all of them Concerta has been the most successful. I do however feel it makes me zone out and am quiet at times. Most think something is wrong with me but I feel it's the medication. I am typically chatty and friendly most times. It tends to happen when I'm one on one with people rather than a group setting."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "It's definitely been a hell of a journey for me a whole year of school without good ADHD medication... But I have finally procured Vyvanse, I currently am taking a solid 20 mg, but so far for me personally it has been WAY more relaxing and effective than it's popularized counterpart Adderall. I actually take my Vyvanse with Adrafinil  in the morning with water sometimes with or without a breakfast meal, honestly i have the same effectiveness regardless of what i eat but that's just me. I have noticed the same effects from different psychoactive stimulants like Adderall XR, Wellbutrin, Coffee, and Imipramine HCL. But so far Vyvanse has been more effective and honestly has a better duration than all of the stimulants I've ever taken..."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 20 year old college student who was working full time when I started taking this medicine, Vyvanse. At the time when I was first given this medicine I was about 140lbs and I'm 5'7". And after about 4 months of taking the Vyvanse I weighed anywhere between 115-120lbs. Not good! The medicine made me totally not eat and run around like I was on drugs and couldn't sit still. I became so skinny I could see all of my ribs. I also felt like I had lost all emotions and the relationship with my parents were harmed because of this. I think part of the problem was the doctor just upping my dose whenever he felt like it and not being very responsible. But I just want to warn anyone who is thinking about taking Vyvanse to be careful and have a doctor who cares."
Review of Adderall: "Adderall has improved my life drastically! So drastically that I had to come on here and write about it. Since I have ADHD, simple tasks can be very hard for me. I'm 19 and just started working at a store and before being on it I was having trouble following directions and a manager even told me I needed extra training. Anyway, I managed to do well enough to not be asked to leave. Now that I'm on it I think my managers are sort of shocked at how productive I am. So much that the store manager even came up to me and said the other managers have told her that I've improved so much and become a very hard worker. On my last 2 anatomy exams I got a B. I'm able to focus and do things without giving up so easily."
Review of Adderall: "I started taking this when I was 17. I was struggling in school, barely passing my main subjects.  Within 10 days of taking Adderall, I could tell it started to work.  I could concentrate on listening to my teachers.  My brain slowed down enough where I could do my homework.  It all started to make sense. My self-esteem improved with my grades improving to 85's and above within 6 months.  Side effects have been loss of appetite, not needing to sleep as much. Unfortunately, I've had bright red blood in my stool this past month.  It also happened about 6 months ago.  I will be discussing with my doctor."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm on Vyvanse for ADD and social phobia. I also take 1 milligram of clonazepam, which helps with the anxiety stimulants may cause. In my experience, you'll crash and feel extremely anxious, depressed, and moody when taking anything less than 60 milligrams."
Review of Mydayis: "I was prescribed vyvanse chewable 30 mg in the am and 30 at noon. I loved it, but had a month where I didn't take it regularly at noon. Dr suggested this because of the extended release. 2 weeks in: My sleep is concerning. I haven't hit rem in 3 days now. I have no appetite even in the am before I take the mydayis. I have to force feed myself, even icecream is a struggle after the 3rd bite. The 2-3 hours after I take it I feel lost, can't track conversations,  no/minimal recall, I can't even prioritize. After those hours things level out a bit, but I don't have the motivation I had with Vyvanse. I believe there is link between loss of quality sleep and stuggling to meet my dietary requirements and how the drug affects me."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I floated through high school, got honors and graduated a year early.  Did the same through a state college, even though I was accepted to Ivy leagues with scholarships.  I chose the easy route as I hated books, and never read anything, despite being able to pass with a bachelors in college and honors in HS just on auditory lecture learning, I was scared to challenge myself.  Went to nursing school 10 years ago and failed out. Then I tried again on Adderall - Out of a class of 140, I'm #1. Everything I read I absorb. I can NOW focus.  Everything's wired tight and each day I am limitless on what I can learn. I feel music. I'm in touch with everything. I thank everyday I'm on it."
Review of Mydayis: "Taking 25mg right now and was on adderall XR 30mg.  I don't understand this medicine since it usually makes me tired and down for about 2-3 hours after taking it then get an okay amount of focus for another 6-8 hours.  I personally can't deal with those 3 hours everyday when I need to be productive so I will try something else. This drug may be very similar to the chemicals in adderall but it definitely does not feel like it."
Review of Methamphetamine: "Desoxyn has opened doors to my life, heart, and mind that I thought would never be able to be opened and be shared with the world.  The side effects were little to none and other medicines side effects greatly outweighed the Desoxyn effects."
Review of Daytrana: "My seven year old boy started Daytrana patch 10mg one month ago, for his ADHD. There has been almost immediate improvement. He became focused, talks less to imaginary friends and is actually learning in school. I was terrified to start him on drugs but it came down to what was important my fear of drugs or his well being. The patch works well for him, no side effects observed and hopefully we keep him on the lowest dose available."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Age 33 MaleI have ADHD and High Functioning Autism. Unmedicated I am lazy, forgetful, unorganized, cluttered messy home. Insomnia every other year (up to 72 hours)Medicated I have photographic memory, grab life by the horns, organized, clean. Insomnia is the same as long as I take 10 MG Melatonin daily)My side effects: Dry Mouth and InsomniaOverall: I'm continuing to take medication like Methylphenidate.BTW Think about what your writing as a review before you call something awful and horrible. Chemotherapy wrecks the body but sometimes medication's side effects aren't cared about for what they accomplish. I was told to stay away from concerta and in the end it's one of the better medications for me. Vyvanse for me = no side effects"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse is a highly effective stimulant class medication for ADHD and ADD. I have ADD, diagnosed at 18 and have since been on Dexamphetamine 20mg per day. Recently I was interested in trialing extended release medication and Vyvanse was the answer to my call!Initially, Vyvanse was a little bumpy; some side effects like anxiety persisted for the first few days on the medication. It was complex to find the right dosage so my psychiatrist and I settled on 70mg per day. Vyvanse is an amazing and considerably more effective medication than regular Dexamphetamine; the pharmacological properties of Vyvanse are AMAZING. Vyvanse is the future of treatment for ADHD and ADD."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son is currently 19 and was diagnosed with ADD when he was 8. He has been on many different medications with Adderall XR being the most recent. When he was in 10th grade the panic and anxiety attacks became so severe that we had to take him off Adderall. He has been taking Vyvanse (70mg)for about 2 years and really likes this medication. He does take himself off in summer for a break. Only side effect we've noticed is high blood pressure which we keep a close eye on. He likes this medicine, the best and really has helped with focus."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Caused migraines."
Review of Wellbutrin SR: "I've tried concerta, zoloft, ritalin and wellbutrin for ADHD.  Wellbutrin was the only medication that gave me a calm, level headed feeling that helped me control hyperactivity, impulsivity, and attention span.  I'm a 40 year old ADD'r and I'm grateful it works without the jitters of ritalin."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I just started the generic this week. I'm having a horrible time. I feel more motivated to get up and do things and feel more talkative, but I'm having horrible headaches, dizziness, dry mouth, and very sick to my stomach. Still deciding if it's worth hanging in there to see if the side effects subside as I get used to the medicine."
Review of Methylphenidate: "It works really well. I've improved on my listening skills and concentrating on things. I've managed to get much better grades too."
Review of Vyvanse: "It helps a lot with paying attention, On 30mg once a day and it works up until about 7th-8th hour (5 hours after taking it) and for me suppresses my appetite so I don't care if I eat or not. Stomach still rumbles though. No other ill effects. I would recommend it. No jitteriness as with other stimulants such as Ritalin/Focalin. I feel much more like myself then on other medicines."
Review of Focalin XR: "My daughter has been on this drug for a month and she has been focusing a lot better on homework and her behavior has improved. I am currently trying to figure out what to do because it helps her a lot but also causes diarrhea sometimes."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I was diagnosed with ADHD when i was about 5 and my experience over all has been amazing ive been on it for 12 years now i take 40mg once in the morning and in the afternoon and by like 6pm it wears off(btw im 6 feet tall and weigh 225 lb thanks to this medication).  The only bad parts or symptoms im having are that Caffeine has no effect on me anymore( probably built up a tolerance thanks to the focalin) , I dont always sleep to well, and ever since i tuned like 14 my appetite went from non-existent to out of control (dont know why...) im 17 now and am an A- Student where as i was an F student before, I definitely recommend this but i should warn you all its not for everyone there are alternatives."
Review of Strattera: "I was on this for ADHD and while I did see a noticeable improvement in my ability to concentrate and not be running around acting all hyper, it worked a little too well if you know what I mean. I had a heck of a time getting ready for school and I'd fall asleep on the bus ride there (I was in high school at the time). I also couldn't keep my head up in first period and would constantly snap awake at loud sounds or giggles in the classroom, not realizing I'd even fallen asleep. It wouldn't wear off until second or third period, so mornings were awful. I would be so zombie-like and sleepy no matter how much rest I got the night before. Eventually I quit taking it because I didn't like feeling like a walking corpse in the mornings."
Review of Intuniv: "Our son has been on Intuniv for 3 yrs.  We started in K when he was diagnosed with ADHD he is very impulsive, not easily compliant, underlying anexity. The behavioral issues in school, we began at 1mg.  BIG NOTE HERE, I have read reviews, I'm surprised a Dr. prescribes this Med to a patient at a higher dosage! Always start at 1mg & increase as time goes on, if needed.  My son was on 1mg for a yr, we increased to 2mg in October.  By that summer, I reduced to 1mg.  Having to raise it again one mth into school.  We were able to get thru that school year on 2 mg.  Now, Year 3 & we increased to 3mg 3 days ago. Anyone have experience with 3mg with their 8 yr old?  He is super sleepy as he adjusts and irritable. naps, wakes up, seems happy again."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I am 31 years old and have been on Medication for ADHD since I was 7yrs old. This medication is by far the best one I been on. I took me about a week to adjust to the medication and not be a little extra sleepy. It helps me to calm my VERY active mind, control my (easy) temper , and helps me to focus much easier. Overall I am very happy with medication."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My Son was diagnosed with ADHD when he was 4 years old he Is now 7 before finding Focalin his doctor started him on Ritalin he was only on it for 3 days because it made him zombified and depressive with many mood swings then he started Vyvanse for a few weeks but it gave him some kind of allergic reaction in his throat.  Finally  he was put on Focalin 10ml and for the last 3 years it has been doing him great. He does awesome in school and also at home he can focus and he is happy. The only bad part is he has absolutely no appetite from 10 min after he takes the pill- 6hrs later. He  drinks cyproheptad syrup 2mg to help boost his appetite while on the Focalin."
Review of Adzenys XR-ODT: "I was a little skeptical to try a new drug but when my Daytrana went on backorder, I listened to my doctor and glad I did.  I HATE to swallow pills and didn't want to carry around any syrup with me so this works perfect for me.  Actually taste like orange! Which as you know most drugs don't actually taste like the flavor they say it should so I was pleasantly surprised.  I got to try it out free for the first month and will be continuing to use in the future!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "It was very expensive and provided no help."
Review of Vyvanse: "After being diagnosed with ADHD when I was eleven and being on Adderall XR for nine years I have to say Vyvanse is the best thing that has happened to me.The last year in college Adderall made me anxious, suspicious, and generally unhappy. So after several trials with Ritalin and Cymbalta, I am proud to say that I am doing much better on Vyvanse and my grades were awesome this semester. Two A's, two B's and a C! Much better than two B's and three C's. I am on 40mg of Vyvanse. I did lose 20lbs during the first two months but I gained it back. I also do have some trouble eating in the afternoons but when the medicine wears off, which I never notice haha, I am able to eat quite a bit of food.Overall, Vyvanse is an amazing choice."
Review of Vyvanse: "Before taking Vyvanse, I was on Adderall, then Adderall XR for my ADD. Neither were near as helpful for energy or concentration. Vyvanse was able to give me energy and concentration that lasted all day without making me jittery (except the first few weeks I was getting used to it), or wearing off.  My doctor gave me an attention test to see if I needed Vyvanse. I scored in the lowest percentile. After being on it a couple months, finding my dosage, I took the test again and scored in the top percentile. Since then, (seven years later) we've only had to up the dosage once, and that was because I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia, which aggravated all my mental conditions."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My child is young teen girl with autism or Asperger's, recently diagnosed with ADHD due to impulsivity. Very bright and attentive normally but trouble with transitions, outbursts, interrupting, slow processing speed, getting agitated and not being able to calm down, lack of awareness of surroundings, misunderstanding others' signals, sensory overload. Responding well to Vyvanse 30mg. Easier transitions, speaks more fluently without stammering, less agitated, less angry, much more cooperative and calm, able to converse without interrupting or changing topics, happier, feels better about self. Side effects are dizziness with exertion worst when changing position from sitting to standing, needs more sleep, mild headaches, weight loss."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 7 year old son has ADHD. After years of struggling with ADHD as a parent I decided to finally try medication for my son he was prescribed Vyvanse. During the first month is was great he was finally able to focus in school and follow directions, I received  so much positive  feedback. Starting on the second month I noticed he was sad all the time at first I dismissed it as maybe he was having a rough day, than it became two weeks and it really effected his mood. My son starting to not care in school, he would cry for any minor thing, he lost a lot of weight and overall I thought he was depressed. I brought it up to his therapists who recommended we immediately remove him off of it."
Review of Kapvay: "I started my son on this medicine on Friday.  He is doing well.  No emotional break-downs, no crying.  The only issue I am having is he is falling asleep around noon every day.  He hasn't had a nap since he was 16 months old.  He is 7, going on 8. I can't imagine his teacher will be all that amused when he goes to sleep during class tomorrow."
Review of Strattera: "80mg enables me to concentrate, I take it at bedtime. I have noticed a change in appetite, but that's good for me because I am overweight. I do have dry mouth a lot. Dr. is moving me up to 120 mg. So we will see how that works. I am able to get more done while on this medicine."
Review of Guanfacine: "Didn't work at all"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Took for two months, 1 Capsule a day for my ADD. I have tried most ADHD medicines, stimulant and non- stimulant types. I was expecting a 'non event' transition, from adderall, to Dexedrine predominant Vyvanse. I have used Dexedrine and found it helpful with focus and follow through issues, with minimal side effects. Vyvanse did not turn out to be what I'd hoped for. Minimal fuss, and a stable continuation of living and treating my ADD. VyvanseHad no similarities to Dexedrine . Felt sad, bad, and disconnected from being in the moment.Side effects did not disappear during course of treatment. Somehow a perfectly acceptable Drug ingredient, Dexedrine, became Lisdexamphetamine. The long acting formulation benefit is lost, to a imposter drug"
Review of Concerta: "I'm 18 years old, and have been taking Concerta now since my sophomore/junior year of high school. I was also taking Zoloft (for depression) along with my daily dosage of Concerta. Now that I'm in college, things have been going better for me, and I don't have to take the Zoloft anymore, and only take the Concerta when I feel like I really need to focus throughout the day. However, I've been noticing recently that while on the Concerta, I'm moody, tired, and unmotivated.  I also start thinking really negatively about myself, and find myself very irritable. I feel like I've taken several steps back, and should be taking the Zoloft in order to balance out my emotions."
Review of Dyanavel XR: "My son has tried everything for ADHD. Vyvanse wears off too quickly and Adderall XR made him moody. We tried the dissolvable tablet but he hated the gritty orange flavor. As a last resort to going back to Vyvanse, the pediatrician put him on the new long acting Dyanavel XR. It lasts all day which is great for all the middle school homework he has in the evenings. My favorite thing about Dyanavel is that he still has his appetite and is sleeping well. The copay card made it cheaper than a generic too!"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My son started Focalin 10mg about 3 weeks ago. He does great in school but I have noticed when Focalin wears off his moods explode. He gets aggravated  at the drop of a pin. He has also told me his stomach hurts all the time."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was on this med for a little over a week. Right off it made me feel great everything was good. And I really liked it and I was happy I found something that worked. But after a week it started to make me really really  hungry I could not get rid of the hunger. So I had to stop taking it. I have a hard time to find a med. that works. I had the genetic tests done and there is a lot of meds I can't take. So it is hard to find one that works. I have ADHD and there is not much meds I can take. Vyvanse was a  question but it worked well just made me hungry. I wished it did not make me hungry. Now I hope my Doctor puts me on another ADHD med."
Review of Intuniv: "After many family problems and added to this my daughter had ADHD. I was at the end of my rope as far as patience goes. Last year in school was terrible, with my daughter acting out due to all the bad things happening in her life. She was placed on a behavior program and her grades were reflecting the issues she is dealing with. After some sessions with a counselor I was referred to a pediatrician who recommended Intuniv. The first week was a bit rough because my daughter was extremely tired and cranky, however, we stuck with it as the doctor advised and I have been nothing short of amazed. Grades and attitude are outstanding now. Miraculous."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was eleven. Over the years, I've been on Metadate, Strattera, Ritalin, Adderall, and Concerta. Finally, after a couple years of a break from the medications (nothing worked before), my new doctor decided to put me on Vyvanse (30mg). Within the first few hours of taking this drug, I noticed improvement. My mind didn't feel clouded, I could remember things, I could finish tasks, and I was not easily distracted like before. He added Depakote(125mg) to my regimen, which is supposed to assist with agitation and anxiety. Together, these drugs have tremendously improved my life. The only "bad" things I have noticed is that my appetite is almost gone and I talk A LOT more than I used to."
Review of Concerta: "I've been on Concerta for about 2 months now. While the effect is much more gradual compared to the "hitting a brick wall at 100mph" effect Aderall gave me, there were some negative aspects. The first week I was a little shaky, which I also had with the other medicines I've tried (Vyvanse, Aderall, Ritalin). First dose always seems to make me feel really depressed and sick, then the next day I feel much better after my dose. Unfortunately, after the first month of use I've built up a strong tolerance to it and it doesn't work for me anymore. Thinking about trying a higher dosage."
Review of Concerta: "My son is 6 AND has been diagnosed with ADHD. Concerta is one of the medications we have tried. It does wonders for him during the day, he has GONE from being the class clown to top student. He always had it in him just lacked the ability to stay focused long enough to show it. However, during the evening is when we started noticing the difference it made in our child. He doesn't eat, he whispers even when everyone else was being loud, he became very emotional, and he would sit with a coloring books and color for hours... or sit at the computer playing games, he never slept . This was very unlike our son... he was usually climbing walls like spiderman... running around... jumping... happy go lucky! He became very withdrawn. We took him off it."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am smack in the middle of the effects of this drug. NOT on the effects it has on ADHD but the effects it has on the rest of my mental health... I first started Vyvanse 4 years ago, with no other underlying mental health issues other than ADHD. When I first started taking the Vyvanse, it completely saved my life. I was confident, energetic, motivated, and happy. Only about a month later, stopped working SIGNIFICANTLY and I felt like my life was over, that was because in only a short month, I became addicted to SPEED, which is what this is, by the way. It will help you INCREDIBLY, but only for the amount of hours it works before it wears off, and then you will feel worse than you have ever felt in your life, and end up getting addicted."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been taking ADHD medications for about 10 years and vyvanse is by far my favorite. I take 50mg of vyvanse as needed. I always feel very productive when taking it and It really helps me focus and get things done without the procrastination. Although, it does what it is supposed to do I do have a few side effects that prevent me from taking it everyday. I have a history with anxiety/depression and this medicine brings back some of those symptoms. Also, I tend to be a perfectionist when I take the medicine. I catch myself taking longer to take exams and redoing my makeup or hair or brushing my teeth more than once simply because I feel like it isn't just right. Also I am more isolated and less social when I take the pill."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 19 year old college student and just got prescribed Vyvanse about 2 days ago. When I take it I mainly feel relaxed and sometimes excited. I've never been on any stimulant or ADD medication before. My main concern is losing weight on this medicine. I'm about 5'9" and weigh about 135lbs. I eat a lot and I'm still fairly skinny. I've always worried about my weight and the last thing I want is to get skinnier."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall has changed my life. I have so much more energy, I'm more alert, and can stay focused on tasks a lot easier. However, I notice when it is starting to wear off, I get really moody. So, I make sure I'm not around people when that's the case. I was really worried about becoming dependent, so at least once or twice a week, I don't take it all to make sure I'm not addicted. Another warning, don't take this after 1pm. You will be up all night. It sucks. Your body will be so tired and you'll want to go to sleep, but your mind is just alert and wide awake!It really suppresses the appetite too but the longer you take it, the less effect it has!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Since I have Chromic Pain & Attention Deficit, Blessed/Cursed I might even say, this med 20mg, 2/3 prn,  I ( Find it Much) more  Effective than other Amphetamines /or Other Meds that I have used. Again I Speak only for myself. 33 yrs. of trying different meds, I believe Validates me."
Review of Vyvanse: "I wasn't a hyperactive kid. I have a high IQ (not bragging- just got genetically lucky there), so no one ever thought I had ADD, including me. However, looking back I never could get homework done on time. My backpack, school binder & bedroom were always a mess. As an adult I learned many organizational skills, but continued to struggle terribly with lack of motivation, focus & enjoyment in life, despite living in abundant material comfort. When I started taking 30mg of this a day at my doctor's urging, it was as if a bright light flooded what had previously only been utter darkness in my brain for 30  years. There's no "buzz" to this medicine. It's simply a means to reaching a more positive mindset that I thought I was barred from forever."
Review of Vyvanse: "Consistent control of ADHD, able to focus without drastic drop off in evenings."
Review of Tenex: "My son (6yrs) is on Focalin in the morning and Tenex in the late afternoon. They have put him on it twice and was the same way both times. He was bouncing off the walls, pulling his hair out, very very smart but. He had an answer for everything and everybody. It was a complete disaster. We could not go anywhere and do anything. He had awful fits. We now take Focalin 20 in morning and Focalin  5 in the afternoon. I'm not so sure that's working either."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 7 year old son has ADHD. After years of struggling with ADHD as a parent I decided to finally try medication for my son he was prescribed Vyvanse. During the first month is was great he was finally able to focus in school and follow directions, I received  so much positive  feedback. Starting on the second month I noticed he was sad all the time at first I dismissed it as maybe he was having a rough day, than it became two weeks and it really effected his mood. My son starting to not care in school, he would cry for any minor thing, he lost a lot of weight and overall I thought he was depressed. I brought it up to his therapists who recommended we immediately remove him off of it."
Review of Atomoxetine: "So I've been using Strattera 40-50-60mg since 8 months. The 50 and 60 mg dose got me very confused and I made a lot of mistakes at my job so I stopped and restart with 40 mg. At the beginning the most common side effects were: nausea, dry mouth, constipation and "sinus headache".. but it stopped after a couple of weeks. However, I started to get migraines (got 5 since I take strattera)... and I haven't got one for the last 6 years before (I'm 22 years old and I had a lot of migraines when I was 10-16 years old)... so I will stop taking the medicine. I also hurt my esophagus scphincter while vomiting cause of a migraine.. and now I have GERD.So even if it makes me feel very calm and I can eat and sleep, I think I'll be better without it."
Review of Guanfacine: "Our son is 15 now. He was never really hyper, but very easily distracted. Drs. diagnosed him with ADD. We never had him on any meds since his only problems were his lack of attention. But it was hard on us as we had to sit with him constantly to get his homework done and basically had to reteach everything he had "learned" in school. We took him out of the pulic schoool and put him into a private school for kids with learning disabilites. We still had to reteach and sit with him. We put him on INTUNIV as it is clearly non stimulant. What a differnce! He can do his work on his own, his grades are good and the side effects have been non-existent. I read that at his dose, 2mg, side effects are almost zero."
Review of Concerta: "i started taking this medicine at age 10 for about 1 year. i took it and it made me feel really like as if i was depressed and it made me feel no hunger.i never ate until the medicine would where out by the end of the day that shen i would start binging on foods at night time. the medicine was useless. and btw i still have adhd and it doesnt affect anyone or myself."
Review of Vyvanse: "My experience on this drug started well but has dropped off and I'm looking for an alternative. The first couple of months I went from 20 mg in morning and another 20 in afternoon. I'm now at 70 and 40. My therapist rx'd Kapvay with it to help with irritability and quick reactions to situations. While it helped the combo was making my teeth feel like razor blades and I was getting abrasions on my tongue. I dropped the Kapvay and it has helped with the teeth but I'm now dealing with several cavities to get filled. Also having trouble issues with insomnia as I always feel like I need to be getting something done. Over the past couple of months I've probably had 5 instances in which I've gone close to 44 hours without sleep."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Ritalin is great . I ve been taking it for 6 months now after being diagnosed with adhd. Now I can focus on my school work and stay alerted when last year I was sleeping the whole day during school and could learn anything. Marks of course have jumped from C to A as I can focus and stop doing stupid mistakes in tests that I didn t realize I was doing nor could spot due to the lack of patience. Impulses have been reduced also"
Review of Methamphetamine: "Ask your doctor to prescribe you Desoxyn. It will change your life. I have had ADHD since I was 14. I am now 36 and I have tried almost all of the medications allowed to try for ADHD and found that Desoxyn had the least side effects of any of them. I know they have to list lots of side effects, however Desoxyn helped me concentrate, made me feel like I was ready for whatever the day was going to throw at me.  This medication is a lifesaver and a miracle. It had less side effects than the other ADHD medications."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have suffered from ADD/ADHD for all my life. I am currently 23 years old. I was on vyvanse (40 mgs, I am extremely sensitive to pills). I have tried about 5 different stimulant type medicines. Vyvanse really changed my life. I was able to transition from the food service industry to a Real Estate career. I got Mono, and had to stop the medicine while my body recovered. I really liked the way i felt off it. But i now feel as though my life is unmanageable. I don't like the feeling of being medicated so young with out any proof of long term effects, but i feel like i am drowning. I feel alone in my ADHD because its not something that people feel sympathetic toward. Vyvanse really changed that feeling."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My daughter (6 years old) has been on Focalin for 30 days now, to control her ADHD.  This is our wonder drug. Gives her the control she needs, without making her have ups and downs.  She hasn't experienced any problems with sleep, and we can see the medicine leave her after about 6 hours."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Ritalin excellent medication boost ability to focus (minus  out thoughts which bounce off each other at 0-60 second speeds) Quite calming."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was always been a gifted student, but struggled to pick anything up in class.  My entire life I would go to class and walk out gaining nothing but a couple good day-dreams.  I thought I had ADD a very long time ago and asked my mom to have me checked; but being the proud mom she was her son couldn't have ADD. This year I started college and the same trend of gaining nothing from lectures remained.  I was sick of putting in the effort to go to class and getting nothing from it.  I was diagnosed last November and tried a few medications prior to Adderall XR.  This medication changed my college career, I can now go to class and follow my professor through the entire lecture. I no longer need to reread everything to understand it."
Review of Focalin XR: "I was diagnosed with ADHD Inattentive Type at age 20, in my junior year of college (about 2.5 years ago). I started on Focalin XR 10mg, and while it took me a to get used to how to work around the meds (I had to change from doing schoolwork late at night to early in the morning), but it has done nothing but help me. The only thing I found was that when I interned and now that I've been working for a year, it doesn't help me (I'm on the phone a lot and it makes me have some issues bouncing around a conversation - too focused on one thing). Cons: absolutely no appetite from about half an hour after taking it-, 6/7 hrs later, really stiff neck, crazy distracted/hungry/drained when it wears off"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am a 20 y/o girl. I was on 54 mg of Concerta once a day. This drug was the worst thing thats ever happened to me. It did help my grades but I felt most of it was placebo and the fact that the side effects were so horrible I wanted to focus on work to distract myself. It made my anxiety unbearable and constant. My heart beat in my head. My whole left arm and pinky would feel numb and prickly. I knew I was hungry but could not eat and was disgusted by food. I fell into a horrible depression and felt just overwhelming darkness. The pros was that it made sitting in long classes and retaining information much easier. I felt excited about learning and getting work done. Overall it helped with school but the side effects are not worth it."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My son has been on focalin for this school year. It does calm him but his teachers say it does not help him focus. He sit at his desk and holds his pencil but will not do the work."
Review of Strattera: "My son 13 has Strattera for almost a year.  Starting from 10mg for a month, 20 mg for a month, 30 mg for 3 months,  40mg for 6 months then 50mg for now.  The only side effect is dry mouth.  Everything else is good, he can make friends and focus in class.  However, I still think Strattera is not a magic pill.  Combining both medication and behaviour modification works best for our ADHD children.   Lots of love and acceptance are the best remedy,"
Review of Methylphenidate: "This made my son so extremely tired.  Also changed his personality"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I been taking Vyvanse a little over 2 yrs. This is the only medicine I have taken for ADHD. As of this posting I have been off it 3 days. The first 18 months I thought Vyvanse was the best thing sense sliced bread. The last 6  mths have been an emotional roller coaster of side effects. I have spent hours on the floor crying, my social life is none, I didn't talk to anyone but the people at work that I couldn't avoid, my husband wants a divorce and nothing made me happy, I was sad and depressed all the time. Please be careful taking this medicine. I don't think it was meant for long term use or maybe it just affects different people in different ways. After 3 days in bed I'm finally getting back to normal."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I got this for my 5 year old daughter, who has high functioning autism. This medication was a godsend in terms of making her focus and follow directions, but sadly, we had to stop giving it to her because it made her terrified of everything. She became very paranoid and things she used to love suddenly scared her (example, blowing bubbles became scary!) She became jumpy and had nightmares. We tried to work with this medication for over a year, no luck. She's is 7 years old now, and we finally took her off of it. After being off of it for a little over a week, she is no longer scared and paranoid about everything. She is back to being unfocused and not following directions, but I would rather have her unfocused than terrified of everything"
Review of Amphetamine: "I've been on ADHD medication for a very long time. My body had built a pretty strong tolerance stimulants.I combine normally IR Adderall, Vyvanse, and XR Adderall, and now I combine Zenzedi (great, btw), IR Adderall, and this medication and the only thing I noticed is no increase in focus at all but some weird increase in insomnia which is unusual because it's not like an anxiety insomnia but a strange almost increased ADHD insomnia I had growing up. Normally after taking my ADHD medications I can sleep without issue but this one causes me to just stay awake without jitters, focus, anxiety, or anything. I don't care for it."
Review of Guanfacine: "Used 3-4 mg dose for autism related meltdowns during teen years.  Made my son very irritable and agitated.  Did not notice sleepiness.  Just an overall grumpy, agitated attitude towards everything."
Review of Dexedrine: "This is an excellent medication for true ADHD. I've been on Dexedrine for over 10 years, and it continues to consistently work as much today as it did when I first started it. "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 27 y.o. male. My doctor started me on a Focalin XR 20 mg regimen a month ago to treat my ADD and hopefully control my anxiety at the same time. I loved the Focalin for the first week or so that I was on. I could immediately tell a huge difference in my mood, concentration, focus and general outlook on life. My anxiety was decreased tremendously as well. As the month went on I started to notice that the Focalin was very hot and cold. Some days I would feel on top of the world and other days it didn't seem to work at all. My irritability increased too, so my doctor has switched me to Vyvanse 40 mg. This is my first day on it and no complaints so far."
Review of Adderall XR: "This medication is to my brain like glasses are to a pair of eyes with poor, blurry vision. Personally, this medication is what works best for me. It isn't perfect, but it is better than nothing. I have ADHD inattentive type, and I also have social anxiety. I understand, this is a stimulant so of course it will make my anxiety worse. But I feel more motivated and more confident in myself and my abilities. I resent taking this everyday, but I make sure to take this prior to school or work or any day I need to deal with responsibilities.  Also, take it after you eat breakfast if you can. For me, the benefits outshine the negatives."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Daytrana works the best out of everything we've tried for my 10yr old son.  However, it is absolutely RIDICULOUS that this drug has been nearly impossible to find for nearly a year! Have been told for the past 6 months that the problem will be solved "in the 3rd quarter of the year".  It's now October, and it's still nearly impossible to get.  Every month, I spend at least a week or more trying to track it down (yes, I use their pharmacy locator service--with mixed results.  They're staff doesn't always seem to try very hard).  They are jeopardizing patient care, for reasons that I can't fathom.  We pay $267/box out of pocket.  How hard is it to make more?"
Review of Metadate CD: "My son has been on this since 2nd grade.  He is now in 5th and is on 60 mg. He has had great success on this medicine.  He is more focused, can keep it all together, and as I describe "pretty much all that I can ask for" on the meds.  Off meds it's a whole different story.  He has no side effects other he is not as hungry during the day."
Review of Atomoxetine: "As an adult living ADHD, I had no idea how it affected me. I was prescribed this by a psychiatrist, and almost immediately I was able to think more clearly, my memory felt better, I felt like I could concentrate on things. When someone spoke to me, I could actually listen and absorb what they were saying. Unfortunately I'm not on it anymore. It's hard to concentrate some days."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been on several medications for my ADHD and Concerta is by far the best I have tried. Ignoring the slight sleeping complications I have and the lessened need for food, this medication works well. I've found that while Concerta is in effect I'm less fidgety and anxious, and I can concentrate for longer periods of time. I really do prefer this medication over any of the others I have had."
Review of Vyvanse: "I posted a couple of months ago...but wanted to post again since I've been on Vyvanse a little longer and have more to share. I'm a 40 year old woman.This medication has changed my life and I can't say enough positive things about it. My doctor and I were discussing it last night and he said that not everyone has the success that I've had on it...everyone is different. I take 70mg and it does last all day. No bad side effects except I've lost 15lbs, so I must watch that. Also..dry mouth. Otherwise, Vyvanse gets the highest marks with me. For bad PMS..I take Lithium for 7 days prior to start of period..and that keeps the "meanies" away. :)"
Review of Methamphetamine: "The medical establishment should be ashamed! I have struggled all my life with side effects from the 'acceptable' ADD medications.  They gave me anxiety and a crash that made me irritable to boot! I have none of those side effects now and people have noticed a very positive change in me.  I am much more successful at my job, my anxiety is much lower, and my wife has noticed my nightly irritability is completely gone. I now feel like a complete person! Why wasn't I prescribed this first? How much of my life have I lost? What could I have accomplished? I'm glad I didn't know this was actually methamphetamine when I was prescribed it or I would have said NO WAY. How the media portrays it and the actual effects on me are miles apart."
Review of Dexedrine: "I have used it for over 15 years.An EEG showed I had quite a bit of extraneous thought, a left and right hemisphere that had identical thought processes and a temporal lobe that was off the chart.Dexedrine changed my life.Unfortunately many Doctors are using outdated/outmoded technology and refuse to prescribe it."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 6 yr old son just starting taking the medicine a week ago and has been over the top emotional, a lot of crying over nothing at his daycare during the day.  He started at 10mg which did nothing but makes him cry so he went to 20mg for 3 days which seemed to work for about 2 days.  Today we put him up to 30mg to see how it goes.  I'm worried about the emotional side effects and really hope that it subsides."
Review of Strattera: "It makes me calm but I'm tired all the time."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was taking Adderall for nearly 3 years, when my insurance would no longer cover it. I started taking it when I enrolled into college. It helped me achieve the honor roll every term I was taking it. I felt more confident and focused, whereas in high school I was unable to do such tasks and received D's and F's. I wish that I was taking Adderall again. I've taken Ritalin, Methaline and now Dexedrine which doesn't compare to Adderall. I have been taking this for 6 months now, and I am no longer on the honor roll. No matter how hard I try, my focus isn't where I need it to be. On the other hand, I don't have the side effects of severe irritability or quick anger that Adderall tends to cause."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 32 year old. I have been on Vyvanse for about 2 weeks now and I love it. I have never been diagnosed with ADD and about 2 months ago I was given Straterra first. I hated that. My Doctor switched me to 30mg Vyvanse and the first day I noticed a difference. It lasted me about 10-12 hrs. My appetite went down a little but nothing to bad. Other than that there are no other side effects for me. I would definitely recommend Vyvanse."
Review of Bupropion: "Absolutely brilliant medicine....... I live again."
Review of Strattera: "I hate this medication. My doctor gave it to me and says to keep taking it in order to feel the effects but I took it a few hours ago, I have the shakes, I get so hot and feel totally out of it. I can't wait til this feeling is over. I will not take it again"
Review of Concerta: "My son's attention span now exists.  He does not wander off into his fairy land every 2 minutes. His teacher and other educators are very impressed with his work now.My son complains of headaches probably because he has trouble falling asleep."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "Our 11 year old son is diagnosed with ADHD inattentive type and has been on this medicine for 14 months now. It made a big difference for him. He is on 15mg Focalin RX. If he doesn't take it for a day, the teacher can really tell the difference. He can focus now and became a part of the class, contributes to the conversation and also has an easier time with his social life. He doesn't hate school anymore.We don't see any behavioral issues at home when it wears off. He has appetite loss, so he eats a big breakfast before he takes the medication. He also got used to eat a sandwiches at school even if he is not hungry. It became a part of his routine."
Review of Methylin: "This drug has changed my life. I was diagnosed with ADHD in my late 20s and I never knew that I could enjoy my family and every day life this much. I am very pleased."
Review of Evekeo: "Tried all these different medicines and found vyvanse XR worked perfect Until insurance didnt cover it anymore so I took Concerta and that basically made my heart rate go up to 170 BPM and it was ridiculous so I tried a newer medication evekeo and its good but causes a hell of a withdrawal including anger  diarrhea dizziness nausea loss of appetite but for the most part its good"
Review of Atomoxetine: "My doctor gave me a 30 day trial of Strattera with incrementing doses each week. It started with 10mg and the last week was 60mg. I didn't really notice a positive difference with any dosage but I did have an extremely detailed and horrific dream the first two nights but after that my sleeping was normal. As far as side effects other than the two night terrors I was slightly constipated. It took a lot more effort to make myself do #2. I'm currently on Adderall XR and it seems to do the trick."
Review of Methylphenidate: " am a 28 year old female with ADD and mild form of narcolepsy. Before Concerta,  was tired and sleepy ALL the time and distracted. Its gotten to the point where t was affecting my work.  thought enough was enough and went to my doctor. Concerta was the first medication he prescribed and its the best. But we experimented with Adderral (good pill but knocked me out at 7:00pm after t wore off, so t didnt address narcolepsy) and Ritalin (heart rate was just insane) and Vyvanse (gave me anxiety that I never had). With Concerta  have 0 side effects,  am never sleepy anymore (but sleep well at night) and distraction levels have decreased significantly. Giving t a 9 because  am not at 100% with focus.  wish it were slightly stronger."
Review of Concerta: "I was prescribed Concerta 54mg for two weeks, and after two weeks my dosage was lowered to 36mg. The positive effects: First of all, it was absolutely effective at keeping me focused, engaged, and gave me the motivation to continue working away at my given tasks. It also accelerated my perception of time. The (manageable) negatives: It made me so focused on tasks that I was antisocial. Fixating on annoying sounds, anxiety, sweaty palms, no appetite, and weight loss (25lbs). I found I was lacking emotion, and during the long comedown I was irritable and rarely I experienced mild to moderate depression. Concerta is an effective ADHD drug, but the emotional effects can be annoying at times. It is worth consulting your doctor about!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "Diagnosed with having ADHD in my early 20's. Dr. wanted me to try out Strattera before a stimulant since I also have anxiety and he feared a med like Adderrall would make it worst. This is my second month on it and it does seem to be working. I am better able to concentrate and my head seems more "clear". I'm on 80mg. Stomach-aches and drowsiness started off horrible when I first began taking this med but these side effects are almost gone. Still get dry mouth which ranges from mild to "it feels like I've eaten cotton and sand".Unless the side effects are too intense for you, I would at least give this med two months. Think it gets such a bad rep because people don't give it a chance."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My experience has been great and horrifying. Now, to explain myself I will list the effects I've had so far. I am on my fourth dose of my 40 mg vyvanse. I was put on 40 because my doctor said it would be okay. ADVERSE EFFECTS: *Severe* Just today on my fourth dose I had experienced something new my entire life..sitting on my chair I lifted my leg and was overcome with the feeling of it, "falling asleep". It was overcome abruptly out of nowhere with the feeling of tiny bubbles in the numbers of thousands racing from my foot up to my thigh without any of these, in idea of description bubbles popping. Until it reached my thigh when it was immediately somewhat relieved...skip to later today and my leg was paralyzed almost"
Review of Vyvanse: "Take Elvanse (50mg- UK version) in morning for past 2 years. Meds are slow acting, and do not improve motivation or efficiency when working. There is no alternative in the UK- no adderall- so this is the only option.  this medication sucks because: 1.) It gives such a great high for the initial 15 minutes to 30 minutes, but it gives such a horrible crash that the negative feeling ruins your day It does not help motivation if anything it causes depression , possibly improves concentration marginally. 2.) I have faced serious and significant weight loss. Being skinny myself, this is of course not a good thing. Currently a 5'11 male, weighing 62kg or about 135 pounds. Am 24 years old. 3.) The medication is addictive."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I would like to first say that my experience with Adderall was overall successful, it most definitely helped my concentration and ability to focus. However, there are some side effects that I think are worth noting.I had minimal anxiety prior to taking this medication (only when traveling). My anxiety dramatically increased to the point where I was put in therapy and almost took a medical leave from work. (I quit taking the medication once I realized it was a significant contributing factor - although not completely to blame)I had a very dry mouth while prescribed, which actually ended up leading to cavities according to my dentist. Noticeable lower back pain & problems sleeping (both are alleviated once you quit taking the meds)"
Review of Wellbutrin SR: "I have been on Wellbutrin for about a week and have already noticed a significant difference in my study abilities. I was able to actually sit down and actively study tonight for 4 hours and I have not been able to do that for years! I took Ritalin when I was in high school, but stopped taking it when I had a complete nervous breakdown. My doctor started me on 150mg twice daily and I tell you what, I feel like me again! Bright, alert, I have energy, and completely at ease and happy. Thank you Wellbutrin for giving me myself back again."
Review of Vyvanse: "If you have a pacemaker , DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG.  I asked my psychiatrist if it would be ok to take this drug with a pacemaker,  he was wrong ! It put my pacemaker into rev me up mode. My cardiologist was not happy."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This has been a life changer for me. Doctors told my parents I was ADHD as a child and was never tested. While in nursing school my classmates told me that I was horribly distracting and told me I should get tested. So I went and have 14/18 markers for ADHD aderall helps meBe more productive,I can sit and read and finally complete assignments and helps me with everyday life with being more organized and getting tasks done."
Review of Ritalin LA: "Was put on this drug roughly a year ago started at 20mg  it litterarally turned my life around It gave me great symptom relief all day with little to no side effects unfortunately after 6 months this medication slowly lost  it's effectiveness I am now on 80mg a day and only get roughly 2-3 hour symptom relief which is dissapointing but expected due to tolerance so I will be changing medication soon. But I have to say while it worked ritalin la was the best medication i have been on yet with very little side effects.."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I'm 32 and have been on this drug for about 8 months now. For me, it's been incredible. I am no longer on an emotional roller coaster and definitely more patient and no where as near irritable as I used to be. I'm on a dosage of 120 mg daily. I take it at night before I sleep. However, a possible side effect for me is hypothyroidism - but, I did have hyperthyroidism as a child so I don't know if Strattera caused it to come back as hypo or it's because of my age. I did unfortunately gain considerable weight, but with the thyroid pills, I have been slowly losing it again."
Review of Strattera: "I think this may be my third review of Strattera, I still give it a high rating because all in all it has done what it was supposed to do. I've had some bad migraines, while on it, and I've gone off it a few times, because I couldn't fill the script or felt like it wasn't working, but I have always come back to taking it in the past four years. My current dose is 25mg, and I also take Adderall, 10mg twice a day. If I had to describe Strattera, it is a great focus/ motivation medication, but it also ups the anxiety, and adderall seems to up it even more. My doctor really doesn't have another solution than to take ativan. Coffee makes Strattera worse, but sometimes it won't kick in without the morning coffee."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse is hands down, in my opinion, the best ADHD medication out there. I was on Concerta from the ages of 7-13, then again from 20-21. I received genetic testing and it came back that my body doesn't metabolize Concerta very well. So the doctor gave me Adderall, which was too harsh with the come up and come down. Then made the switch to Vyvanse. Best decision. #1. You don't crash when you are on it. It has the smoothest come up and come down compared to Adderall and Concerta. #2. Vyvanse lasts a good 10-14 hours in the body #3. It has the longest duration of action#4. It has low addiction potential #5. It also is the only one that helps manage my binge eating disorder"
Review of Vyvanse: "This medicine (along with talk therapy) has helped me get my life back on track after being 98% disabled."
Review of Strattera: "Water pill worked about as well without the terrible side effects."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I loved the way Adderall helped with my ADD (adult). I was able to get soooo much done while on it."
Review of Strattera: "I'm 46 and recently diagnosed with ADHD.  Straterra is the first and only medication I've tried for this condition.  I've been on it for 2 weeks and notice profound improvements in my ability to concentrate, absorb material, and complete tasks.  That is what I had hoped to achieve with Straterra.  However, I am experiencing some unpleasant side effects, including difficulty urinating (very slow flow and the sensation that I'm not finished after my bladder is empty) and "frothy" ejaculations during sex that occur without any sensation of orgasm.  For now, I can accept the trade off, as I am much more productive at work.  But I'm really hoping these side effects disappear or diminish."
Review of Amphetamine: "My daughter was diagnosed with ADHD a few years ago (she's 13 now) and was on Adderall XR 25 mg for a few years. She was never hungry and had a hard time sleeping. We switched her to Adzenys XR 12.5 (lower than her Adderall dose equivalent). It doesn't seem to last as long -- but then again it's not as strong. The good thing is her appetite is back and she doesn't have trouble sleeping. She also doesn't complain about not feeling like herself (she is usually a pretty happy kid, but complained the Adderall made her withdrawn). She's doing fairly good in school, though she has some learning challenges in some areas. Although she's only been on it a few months, I am relatively happy with the results."
Review of Guanfacine: "My son is 4 years old. I knew from a very young age he had ADHD because I see the same behaviors in my husband and he was diagnosed as a child. It did take some getting used to. Like others have said he was tired, and emotional at first. He has been on Intuniv for about 6 months now and I have seen great improvement. He has next to no aggression, he focuses a good bit better but I still feel that could still improve. Impulsive behavior gone he started caring about his actions and other peoples feeling and now he actually cares if he is in trouble. I am pleased I feel like he is too young to try the heavier alternatives and for us we are happy with how he is doing."
Review of Amphetamine: "Now my 10 years old son is on 5.5mg liquid of Dyanavel xr and it last 5 hours."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "We had no results on this medication.  Granted we only took the 5mg but her emotions were so heightened she would start crying for no reason.  The teachers didn't see a difference and her grades started going down.  The side effects were to intense for her on 5mg, there was no way I going to go up and have it worse.  We are now going to try Vyvanse 10mg.  We will see if this change helps."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "We started our 10 year old daughter on this medication last year and had terrific results. She doesn't have any behavioral issues at school and never had but did by the time she got home, was so worn out from trying to focus and be good that she was having emotional break downs. We started last year on 5 and after 8 months 10. She is saying she doesn't notice a difference between taking in and not recently so increase to 15. She has been emotional again somedays, but not sure whether that is because she is an 11 year old girl, medication related, or not enough medicine. She has had a problem falling asleep since she was born and last year seemed better after being on medicines, but has come back this year.  We give her melatonin occasionally."
Review of Concerta: "This is the only medication that has worked for me, with limited side effects. I love this and would highly recommend it if your insurance will cover it (though not all will)."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 19 years old 4'11, small-framed, and I weigh 85 pounds. I didn't notice a great change in weight when I stopped it for one whole summer when I was 11. I just gained 4 more pounds. Nonetheless, I'm not underweight, bulimic, or anorexic. I've always been thin and petite.I'm on 60mg of Vyvanse for ADHD currently, but I've been prescribed it for awhile.What can I say about this medicine? It's great! Yes, it suppresses the appetite a little, and sometimes I have to force myself to eat. This medication doesn't alter my personality oddly like Adderall. I'm still me, just more focused. My only complaint is that it mostly wears off in the evening when I need focus. I'm a singer too, so dry mouth is a side-effect that I could do without."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I've been using Vyvanse to treat my ADHD for about a month now and I have to say, I could feel the positive effects pretty much instantly. I've accomplished more in a month with this medicine than I had in a year prior to using it. The one issue I did encounter was an increase to my already existent problem with insomnia but having started taking Trazodone has counteracted this issue. It should be noted that not everyone has the same reaction to any given drug but as for me, nothing I've tried in the past has been NEAR as effective. A (Note: In comparison to other drugs I've tried similar to Vyvanse I've found that it gives me the benefits I need without the overwhelming tweaked out feeling that others caused for me)"
Review of Focalin XR: "My son started Focalin 5mg when he was first diagnosed with ADHD. He was six at that time. While he did seem to be a bit more focused, the mood swings were VERY significant. He became volatile, reacting with violent outbursts and temper tantrums at the slightest provocation. After a while, his attention span declined, but his mood swings did not. His teacher noted that, even on medication, he was still having problems staying focused and on task. Upping the dosage would only have made his withdrawal worse, according to his pediatrician. I have known other children on Focalin who have had similar experiences with the medication. After six months (giving his body time to "adjust" to the medication) we took him off. Trying Concerta."
Review of Concerta: "The only problem I have with it is lose of appetite."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was on Adderall XR 20 mg for about 6 months, and then developed hives.  Could've been the bottle, could've been a delayed reaction (sulfa allergies).  I don't know, but it was perfect until then. Decreased appetite, yes, but that's not negative as far as I'm concerned.  Doc switched me to Vyvanse XR, and I can tell you that while you will focus, it's not as focused as when on Adderall (at least for me).  Decreased appetite but nothing like with Adderall.  I've also been on Evekeo (10 mg) tablet.  I've only tried that once, and while it will definitely stimulate you (closer to Adderall), I find there's really not hyper focus.  Just a lot of movement and staying awake.  If you haven't tried it yet, I would go with Adderall XR first."
Review of Adderall: "I am prescribed Adderall XRs. I am only on 30 mg once a day and my Dr won't increase it. The medication definitely makes me motivated, have energy, and feel a nice since of well-being. I am concerned with a few side effects I get almost every time. I get numb on the left side of my neck and in my shoulder. I also get really cold feet and my toes look purple with very slow capillary refill. I also already had a sleep problem before all this, so my nights are always pretty restless."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "My daughter is now nine and has been on Dexedrine for about four and a half years. I know about the med from my little brother and it worked for him. My daughters doctors wanted to try all the new stuff, not one worked so once again i said put her on dexedrine. Finaily after about a year they put her on it and she is doing great and on a low dose. So if you have tried the others go old school and use dexedrine it works:)"
Review of Adzenys XR-ODT: "I am so thrown off at how many positive reviews I have seen on this stuff, however I must have an insane Ph balance (causes amphetamines to become ineffective), but I do not see how it is possible to take the highest dose they provide and not even feel nothing... like I have not taken anything at all.... The other night I got so tired that I fell asleep without warning!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "Stratterra is incredible. I began taking it in 5th grade, after Adderall and Ritalin both failed me. I heard from my doctor that Strattera works for a less percentage of people than stimulants (like Adderall and Ritalin), but if you have had trouble with stimulants, Stratterra is worth a try. I have generalized anxiety disorder, and both Adderall and Ritalin caused me to have spontaneous anxiety attacks. While Strattera does not treat my anxiety, it does not increase it. Strattera will NOT work automatically, like stimulants. It took about a month for my Strattera to work, and in that month I experienced a lot of nausea, drowsiness and headaches. I encourage you to ask your doctor about Strattera if nothing else has worked."
Review of Concerta: "My son is 7 and was diagnosed a few months ago.  He started with the 27mg Concerta and that didn't seem to help at all.  Moved him to 36mg and he's doing a little better.  There are a few concerns though.  Around 5:30, 6;00 in the evening he will have emotional meltdowns.  Cries at the drop of a hat.  Also I pretty much have to bribe him to eat and he has lost so much weight.  I am thinking about trying to switch to something else but not sure what to switch him to."
Review of Daytrana: "I have been taking daytrana since 2010 it works great but now I have partial heart failure and pulmonary hypertension. I didn't abuse the patch I took one 30mg patch a day! I'm 35 and now it doesn't work like it use to because of one side effect that it gave me so yes use with caution and don't use it everyday if you don't have to!"
Review of Ritalin: "Horrible.  In my 30s going to a high demanding graduate school.  Helped me early on in undergrad but now after all these years i hate it.  My family gets the worse of it as i am always pissed off and irritable while on it and cant think clear without it.  Its a double edged sword.  Waiting for the day i can say FU to this horrible man made addiction."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I used Strattera for adult ADHD after I auto-diagnose and then was corroborated by my doctor. It helped me stay focused on any tasks I started to completion. I took it for more than a year but had to stop because was too expensive for me even with insurance. I had some side effects that I mentioned to the company Lilly. These side effects were slight dizziness, nausea if taken without food, hair on the back of my neck would raise sensation, and some stomach discomfort, but the worst was the size of my penis would decrease incredibly while flaccid (normally 3 inches, but after medication, about 1 inch or less) and would take a lot of stimulation to get an erection."
Review of Intuniv: "I had been taking intuniv for a week at 10mg. 32 year old female, for add. Yesterday out of the blue at night I started getting brain zaps. My anxiety got so high I felt my heart was going to explode. I felt like I was going to crawl out of my skin. It was an utter nightmare and I ended up in the ER. I was afraid I was losing touch with reality. I'm still feeling anxious now too. I am never touching this med again. I just hope it gets out of my system soon. I can't believe they give it to kids. I almost went psychotic! It was a nightmare drug for me. Be careful please. Even at a low dose it can cause a nasty reaction. I'm also bipolar so that might have played a role in it too."
Review of Kapvay: "My son has been on every medicine available for ADHD and it didn't work. I thought to myself one day how about giving him his night medicine during the day. I asked the doctor and he said if we were going to do that I prefer giving him Kapvay rather than the Catapres he's on so we did and I could not be more happier. On his color chart everyday he was bringing home green which is great, the past 3 days though in the afternoon they change it from green to a warning which is yellow so maybe I need to increase his afternoon pill just a little. Other then that Kapvay is great!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 29. I was first diagnosed when I was in the second grade. I first started being medicated when I was 11. Doctors tried Ritalin and I was maxed out then I was switched to Desoxyn then Adderall as a pre-teen then Strattera and Effexer. I stopped taking my meds then after my father passed away I lost it and my mother had heard about NEW miracle ADHD medicine. She begged me to talk to my therapist about it. My therapist was on board as well so I mentioned it to my psych. I have been taking Vyvanse for 4 years. I wish it was around when I was a child. Growing up wouldn't have been so hard. Thank you so very much Vyvanse."
Review of Guanfacine: "After many family problems and added to this my daughter had ADHD. I was at the end of my rope as far as patience goes. Last year in school was terrible, with my daughter acting out due to all the bad things happening in her life. She was placed on a behavior program and her grades were reflecting the issues she is dealing with. After some sessions with a counselor I was referred to a pediatrician who recommended Intuniv. The first week was a bit rough because my daughter was extremely tired and cranky, however, we stuck with it as the doctor advised and I have been nothing short of amazed. Grades and attitude are outstanding now. Miraculous."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 24 years old (female). I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 11. Over the years, I tried Adderall, Concerta, and Straterra none of them really worked all that great. But I spent 8 years on Ritalin. When I was a 20, I was taking 60 mg of Ritalin a day, and was failing all my classes. My doctor switched me to 70 mg of Vyvanse (started out at 70mg since I had been on a high dose of Ritalin for so long), and it was like magic!  I started getting all A's and became more productive at work. The only bad things about the medicine are some of the side effects. I've noticed that gum helps with the dry mouth compared to just drinking water. Suffer from anxiety and insomnia now but take Celexa for anxiety and Ambien for insomnia. But all is good."
Review of Strattera: "Strattera has proved to be quite beneficial for my cognitive performance. It has increased my memory, attention and organization of thinking. The side effects I've had have been nausea and trouble sleeping but as I keep taking it in sure it will subside more. I currently take 40 mg and working up to 80 mg."
Review of Concerta: "My experience with Concerta has been amazing. I am 12 and this has helped me deal with bullying, anger issues, and lack of focus. I have learned that just because you are ADHD does not mean you can't have a normal life. I recommend this to anybody who is ashamed by their weight, has trouble focusing, and has anxiety issues but make sure to eat regularly because Concerta makes it so you don't know if you are hungry or not."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 16 and I've taken Vyvanse for months now and it helps a lot with minimal side effects. My mouth does get dry and I become less social but other than that its preferable to Ritalin, as Ritalin is much less smooth in terms of kicking in and wearing off and lasts a lot shorter."
Review of Methylin: "I have only been on it for one month. It's the best thing I have taken."
Review of Adderall: "It didn't work for my son and he ended up bouncing around on a lot of medicines."
Review of Dexedrine: "Have been taking Dexedrine spansules (10 mg) for over 2 years,three times per day.I never knew i had rank ADHD all my life,problems with school,the law,i am 47,and have noticed my ambition for life has increased,having more energy,i used to be tired alot,complaining,generally overall agitated at the same time,as well i have many comorbidies to deal with,but fortunately,don't have to take any anxiety meds. Dexedrine is all i know,and i am satisfied with the results."
Review of Vyvanse: "I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS DRUG! I like many of you really from what I have read had a great experience AT FIRST. I am 26 years old and do sales for a living. I was on cloud nine towards the beginning trail of this prescription. I was able to concentrate more than I had in months and was more motivated to go out and look for new leads for my company. I found that I would get dizzy or a tab nauseous but I found that staying hydrated and always having a water bottle with me helped out. I developed a problem where I would know what I wanted to say but when I went to speak it didn't come out right and literally made me sound like I was high or drunk. VERY SCARY!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Very effective, but very addictive. You may not realize until you stop taking it. What do you do? It helps the condition...but you become dependent on the drug?"
Review of Intuniv: "The brand version of Intuniv has been extremely helpful for my son with helping him to moderate his ADHD behaviors.  He was diagnosed with the hyperactive subtype, and the problematic behaviors all but disappeared while taking a daily 2mg dose.  He has been taking Intuniv for over 4 years now with no observed side-effects."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am a 19 year old studying Chemical Engineering in college, and I would say that Concerta has helped me so much. I started taking this in 18mg doses in 3rd grade and I was then able make straight A's through 5th grade. I then began taking a higher dosage of 36mg in middle school and continued taking it until this day.  I graduated within the top 4% of my high school class and I am doing very well in college.  The single greatest thing about Concerta at 36mg dosage, is that I can study and stay focused up to 12 hours straight! I have become an extremely hard worker and other students, who don't have ADD, simply can't keep up with me because of the amount of time I am able to put into my studies.  I would highly recommend Concerta."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This drug has helped me a lot to improve my grades in school, very much recommended for people with ADHD."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was diagnosed with ADD at 21, as a junior in college. Before Adderall, I was an average student. I had a short attention span and difficulty efficiently completing tasks. The first time I took it, I read long passages and retained all the information. I actually follow my professors in-class. I didn't dread studying anymore; I actually kind of enjoyed it! I couldn't believe it. Within 2 semesters, my GPA has gone from a 3.1 to a 3.5. There are only a few downsides that come to mind. First, I have trouble falling asleep at night. Next, I get irritated when studying/tasks are interrupted. Also, coming off of it, I feel extremely tired for at least 3 or 4 days."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Helped my life entirely. I'm a more productive and clinical learner now. Didn't realize how bad I wasn't able to stay focused until I took this and noticed the difference. Sleep and eat fine on it. After the first week that is. But the lack of appetite restlessness wasn't even that bad even then."
Review of Strattera: "Hated it!!! I was taking adderall for a year and it started making me feel anxious maybe one day a week. I was switched to this and once I started it my anxiety got really bad. I've never had a problem with anxiety and I really feel for the people that suffer from chronic anxiety! I also had a problem with dropping blood pressure (could be from adderall withdraw tho) I also had HORRIBLE mood swings. As soon as I would take it I was very negative about everything. I'm so glad to be off it now and so is my boyfriend!!"
Review of Concerta: "I have 3 children, 2 of whom are on Concerta. We have tried many things prior to this and nothing has worked quite as well."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I started taking Straterra in February of'16. About three weeks ago I began to cry at the drop of a hat. Three days ago my depression worsened and began to become almost delusional with themes of guilt. I feel better since I stopped yesterday and today. I will ask my Psychiatrist to take me off and commence with Vyvanse. Crying and emotionally labile isn't me. I'm glad I stopped it before I hurt myself."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I took 15 mg instant release Ritalin for ADHD, to combat daytime sleepiness, and focus on med school studies. I have mixed feelings about this medication. It improved my focus a lot, but it also had some negative effects. I was very nauseous after taking the pill and would sometimes gag. Nausea was absent on days I didn't take it. I had no appetite so I wasn't eating enough, which isn't ideal because I am already thin and not looking to lose weight. I would try to eat before taking the pill but I did notice either a decreased efficacy of the drug. It also increased my heart rate to about 120 beats per min (I am normally about 75). This did help me feel motivated and get work done, I just wish I didn't experience these side effects."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son has been on this since last year, from the start of school (2nd week of August) until the end of September he had 32 office referrals! I was at wits end and didn't know where to turn and as a Psychology major didn't want to use meds, but needed something. We talked to his doctor and she prescribed this and at first it was rough the first week his attitude became worse and my wife wanted to try something new but I stuck with it and from the time he went on the meds to the end of the school year he only had 1 office referral and that was because we forgot his meds. Now the he does play sports and has a great personality but the only problem I have is his weight. Since he has been in it now for 1 year he has lost 3-5 lbs."
Review of Dexedrine: "Been on 3 other ADD meds. This one seems to work great for me. I can focus stay on task and get my work done. Plus I can sit and relax with out feeling like I have be on the go all the time."
Review of Dexedrine: "My daughter is now nine and has been on Dexedrine for about four and a half years. I know about the med from my little brother and it worked for him. My daughters doctors wanted to try all the new stuff, not one worked so once again i said put her on dexedrine. Finaily after about a year they put her on it and she is doing great and on a low dose. So if you have tried the others go old school and use dexedrine it works:)"
Review of Concerta: "I was first diagnosed with ADD when I was 6 years old, I'm almost 28 now,and have been on Ritilan and Adderall for most of my life. I went off medication a few times in my life and although I was functional, I found myself spacing out a lot, and unable to focus. Recently I had been under so much stress that I was experiencing more frequent zoning out especially at work. So I talked to my doctor about it, and he originally prescribed Strattera but my insurance company wouldn't cover it so he put me on 20 mg dose once a day. This is only my second day on it, but overall I've had little negative side effects. Just a minor loss of appetite and some dry mouth. I am definitely feeling a lot more focused and can still sleep. So far so good."
Review of Adderall: "I have been taking Adderall for two years and it has probably saved my life. I had been misdiagnosed as bi-polar with no co-morbid ADHD, and was prescribed benzodiazepines and anti-depressants. I eventually became suicidal when Abilify was added,and was lucky enough to have a moment of clarity and changed doctors and hospital affiliates. The week I was started on ADHD meds, I started to become the person I should be. I only wish I could have been diagnosed as a child, I feel I missed half my education. I can now focus all day, keep a train of thought long enough to finish mundane to complex tasks, and have written and recorded an album of music that had been completed but in disarray. No side effects, no weight loss or changes in eating habits."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 19, and I'm now 23. I have a "severe" case as my psychologist & therapist would say in the 1 visit I met with them. I started out on Adderall and Adderall XR, but had to stop taking it due to the side effects like mood swings and Parkinson's like shaking in my hands. So my dr changed my meds to Vyvanse. I've been taking it for 1 yr and I no longer have mood swings or shake which is awesome because I don't think someone would like a shaking dental hygienist. I like Vyvanse because it still helps me concentrate, stay organized, and remember things that are told to me, but it wears off quickly. That is my only dislike about Vyvanse."
Review of Atomoxetine: "-- Initial ramp up weeks made me sleepy and very "cloudy". Good luck if you manage a team at work or have a detailed oriented job.-- The "best" period lasted for a couple of months. Sleeping was normal and I felt pretty "clear-headed". However, it made my emotions "neutral" to almost everything. Like a cardboard cut-out of the real me. No laughing at jokes. No "natural" sense of urgency when the situation called for one. -- Then the side-effects really kicked in. I would get dizzy when standing up. Then dizzy just sitting up in bed. I recall I read something about it can mess with your blood pressure. The "gray cardboard cutout" feeling got much stronger, plus I could not easily carry on a conversation during meetings."
Review of Concerta: "I am 26 years old and having been using Concerta for approximately 9 months. I have been extremely impressed with my new ability to focus and attention to detail. I have always been a daydreamer and that paid off in creativity.  However, daydreaming during a meeting with the president of the company you work for doesn't pay off.  My wife, out of angst, suggested that I might have ADHD and should consider getting tested.  After a 5 hour psychological evaluation it was decidedly so.  Since I have started Concerta I have been promoted to the top position in my office.  It controls my anxiety and keeps me calm and focused.  The only side effects that I have noticed are weight loss (lost 30 lbs) due to loss of appetite and a lack of emotion."
Review of Kapvay: "My son is 6 years old and was diagnosed with ADHD, ODD, Aspergers syndrome, and possible bipolar disorder. We have tried so many medications, Ritalin, Adderall, Focalin XR, Risperadal, Seroquel, and regular Clonidine. He is now taking 300 mg of Trazadone which doesn't help, 15 mg of Abilify, and Kapvay. I've spaced the three medications out but he still wakes up at 9 am and goes to bed at 3 am. I am at a loss right now because the psychiatrist says he's limited as to what he can put him on but the Trazadone I swear seems to wire him up. He's wide awake as I am writing this post. The Kapvay does make him cranky and irritable during the afternoon, any advice please."
Review of Adderall: "it has helped me with my disability."
Review of Adderall: "I am currently 18 years old, and I was diagnosed with severe anxiety and depression when I was 13 years old, and I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 14. I currently use Vyvanse for my ADHD, and it has improved my life so much. I went from always zoning out and failing classes, to becoming a straight A student again, and I have been able to connect with my family so much more. I also use Prozac for my anxiety, and there does not seem to be any issues with my anxiety flaring up, however there is a noticeable difference when I only use Prozac and not Vyvanse. I also have lost some appetite for eating but I still eat enough to satisfy my body. Sleeping isn't a huge issue, as I usually take it around 6:00am each morning."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I'm 14 years old, and I've been on Adderall for 4 weeks now and I've experienced some side effects.  one of them would be loss of appetite especially in the morning and around lunch.  I've already gone from being 117 to 111.  That's not natural, my friend has the same problem too. I prefer Adderall though because my doctor told me that Vyvanse lasts for 12 hours and if you take it at 12 or 1 on the weekends, then you can't sleep till 12 or 1 in the morning. Adderall doesn't cause insomnia if you take it at 12 because it only lasts for 4-8 hours. Adderall really helps me pay attention in school, which is why I'm not failing out of my "College prep school". Totally recommend Adderall 100%."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was diagnosed with ADHD 6 years ago by my family physician. She put me on Effexor, which seemed to help at first, but over the next year, the side effects were not worth the results. Another doctor recently prescribed Adderall and when that worked well, he gave Adderall XR. I am so much more centered, can concentrate, and my quality of life is so much better. I hate that it is thought of as a "street drug" and I hate that the price is so high. The generic did nothing for me except to make me agitated/jittery for few hours, then crashed and had a headache."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I loved the intended effects of Vyvanse, as it worked better than anything else I've tried.  However, I was not able to tolerate the stomach-related side effects.  I still want to try it again once other problems with my stomach are resolved, to see if I can tolerate it then."
Review of Amphetamine: "My childs grades have suffered more after beginning evekeo and his behavior is so much worse than before. I honestly cannot wait to to see the Dr. again."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have just started using Vyvanse a couple days ago. Even though I haven't been on it for very long, I already notice some differences in my everyday life. Almost everything has changed for the greater good. The only bad thing I have to pick on is that I have experienced a multitude of side effects such as headaches, rapid heart beats, and dizziness. Other than that, I like Vyvanse so far. My opinion in the future may or may not change, but most likely not. The effects of Vyvanse are pretty immediate, for me at least. It has also come to my attention that some people don't notice any change sometimes."
Review of Focalin: "Im 17 years old and I've taken Focalin Xr 30mg for most of my life and as much as it helps in school i would not recommend taking this at all, like most people with adhd I am pretty good socially and when I'm on focalin i become very pannicky, you cant eat and for me i feel like pukigg if i try to eat, my body becomes achy and my mouth gets really dry and mucusy, sleeping is a nightmare, I have tried to make this work, even took it every single day to build up a tolerance, but its always the same thing. Sure, i managed to sit down and get my work done but when the work is done and school done for the day you feel strange, like not in your own skin. A tutor is the best thing that has happened to me along with b12 vitamins."
Review of Methamphetamine: "Immediately after starting this I began focusing on life and stopped having racing thoughts of future fortune, and bad memories. Now I got a job, girlfriend, and loving the now."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I am a 24 year old female diagnosed in my 20's with adult ADHD. I spent my entire childhood unable to focus on tasks, finish anything I started, behave and sit still in the classrooms. I scraped by barely with C's and D's in grade school. Eventually focusing became so hard to do with people around that I had my parents homeschool me. Fast forward to now, I am currently in my first semester of college, and I have a 4.0 GPA. This medicine works wonders. I normally cannot function at all. I am disorganized, and always have racing thoughts. On ProCentra I am calm, focused, and organized. I finish tasks, and manage my time better. I take 10mg. a day, oral solution. This medication is also covered on my insurance, with only a $10 co-pay. Love it!"
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 42, highly successfully in my career and family life but always thought I had ADD or ADHD .  I got decent grades in high school and college but always felt like it was a struggle  and I would have to beat myself up for hours with guilt and fear of failure to produce even passing results.  After 20 years, I've decided to actually do something about it.  I tried both Adderall and Vyvanse and Vyvanse is superior because it's less harsh.  I've benefited from it but it does make me anxious..  I take Ativan to help with that..  I'm also on Brintellix. I hate being on tons of meds but if I can increase my quality of life and be a better person it's worth it.  "
Review of Ritalin: "I have severe ADHD . For a while I didn't know what was wrong with me, constantly day dreaming,lazy, unorganized, acting impulsively and very hyper. The medicine has changed my life. All these symptoms are gone except I'm still a bit hyper and impulsive but only slightly. It does exactly what it says on the tin and changed my life dramatically. I could actually focus. Bad things would be if you are sensitive to stimulants like coffee. It will make you jittery, it gives you a slight mood and energy boost. I'd recommend taking it in small doses first. "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This generic has to be the worst."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Been taking the drug for 2 weeks. The dosage is 70.  I have adult ADHD. The side effects I am experiencing are a slight head ache during sleep and I am experiencing insomnia.  Probably need to check my blood pressure more often.  I am not all that happy with current results."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I've been on 15mg-25mg a day of this since I was in 4th grade. I'm now a junior in college. Days I don't take it I can sit for hours doing nothing and entire days go by. With this I get things done. Big problem is when you don't take it for a while you binge eat. "
Review of Quillivant XR: "I have been on this medicine for approx a week with no benefits whatsoever. I am taking 60 mg(12ml) a day. Dexedrine, on the other hand, has very positive reviews and will be asking for Dexedrine next appt."
Review of Adderall: "I was diagnosed with ADHD at eight . I was put on Ritalin then. Awful stuff. That turned me away from  taking anything for years. I started taking adderall xl at the age of twenty-seven. I didn't notice a change until my doc raised my dosage from 20 to 25mg.  My work was better. Heck my life turned around.  I finished projects I started. I payed attention. I remembered little things that use to evade me. Like names, where I put things, and what I was just doing. I also noticed I wasn't as depressed. I could sleep better. Just do not take xl late or sleeping may be difficult. One thing and I can't stress enough. If you have a loved one who is on or going to be on adderall. It is addictive. Watch for the signs of abuse. Monitor teens."
Review of Modafinil: "I started using Adderall in College to help me balance my workload and social life, but I switched to Modafinil after hearing all the bad press about Adderall as very similar to meth and found many of my superiors in the company I was working for to be using Modafinil for performance enhancement. Modafinil has provided the focus and energy that Adderall provides but without the side effects. Highly recommended"
Review of Bupropion: "Buproprion has been an excellent medicine for my ADHD. In my case, also addresses depression well. Important that I take second daily dose about 2 pm or I can have sleep problems. It's not a panacea but it's a big move in the right direction."
Review of Atomoxetine: "It worked quite well in the first 2 weeks with a lot of things. My thought process, my mood, my socializing, getting school work done much faster, not procrastinating. Then after 3 weeks on the medicine, it plummeted. I had more side effects after 3rd week when dosage raised to 20 mg as 10 mg did not work. Had heart palpitation, was sweaty, muscle weakness, extremely tired."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have been taking amphetamine for about four and a half years.  The first time I took it was when I was a senior in college and it helped in so many ways.  I could finally concentrate in class and while doing homework. The notes I took in class were copious, I remembered materials I studied, and I wrote my complete thorough essays for tests and research papers.  I wish I took it in high school, my GPA would have been at least a half a point higher."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "My son is now 9. Since 4 years old we have tried every single (literally!) ADHD medication on the market and every single (literally!) medication was never without any serious side effects.  My sons specialist suggested Dexedrine as the very last alternative before trying antidepressants.  I was hopelessly optimistic, but this medication is truly a gift. I don't know how else to describe it other than being "smooth" and without it I don't know what we would do.  His specialist basically said this medicine is a more pure form of amphetamine than the other name brands on the market. If you have tried medicine after medicine....give this a try. It has saved my son and our family."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Recently diagnosed with adult ADHD. Prescribed dextroamphetamine 3 x per day at 10 mg. Because I suffer extreme anxiety and an active racing mind with various clusters of thoughts going on at any given time I was anxious about taking this medication thinking it would amplify it all.Taking this medicine has helped slow the mind to a point I can pick and choose what I allow myself to think about, I feel so much more in control which is amazing. There is a level of anxiety still but its manageable and not overwhelming like it was before taking dextroamphetamine, I feel like I am the driver of my mind and not the passenger anymore. It has helped to regulate my emotional instability. I am also on 100 mg of Pristiq which seems to compliment the overall effect."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have had ADHD since I was diagnosed in 2003  over 15 years of trying every medication for ADHD I have found a fit for myself and talked to many others that have tried different treatments I used to take 35xr with 10mg boosters now I take 3 10mg IR a day one when I wake up one at lunch and one before or around 4-5 pm the xr actually caused me to be irritable and didn't cause much change in my normal non medicated habits, unlike vyvance would. This works great for ADHD if you have a doctor or psychiatrist that is willing to figure out what dosage works for you. Eat before you take each dose."
Review of Methylin ER: "It gave me back a life, which I thought I would never have."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been on Concerta XL for 3 years now I have two large (36mg the highest dose for my age) every morning. I suffer from ADHD well ADD and it really helps me feel motivated and helps me look forward to things. I lost 4 ish stone and went from 16.7 stone to 12 in 4 years as my adhd made me eat when I was bored/sad/happy and It really ruined my life. I don't have an appetite anymore and only eat in the afternoon once it's worn off. I do drink a lot of fluids as on the tablets I get thirsty. I'm more social and i enjoy everyday activities a lot more including chores. Negatives : the come down is awful and I usually slip into a depression but it is worth it ! I'd recommend it to anyone !"
Review of Quillivant XR: "My son was put on this medication that the age of 8. The first day he was focused however he kept licking his lips and would just stare  when being spoken too . I took him Off the medication . It's not for us."
Review of Adderall XR: "I'm 18 years old. I have been on Adderall for about 3 years and it is amazing. I'm ADHD. I have tried Vyvance which did nothing for me. I have also tried Ritalin which caused a complete mood change. I had very depressing thoughts and a overall bad mood. The littlest things would set me off. I thought I was going to kill. Adderall is what I found right for me. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 7yr old daughter was having a horrible time focusing in school and was very overweight. The doctor started her on Metadate 20mg and had to eventually move her up to 50mg a day. It worked great, she lost the weight and focused great in school until this year. She went to a new school and the days are a little longer. The teacher and I noticed that the medicine was not working as well as it used to and was wearing off before the end of the day! The doctor said that she could not up the dose because 50mg was the maximum and wouldn't let the school give a second dose so she has switched her to Adderell XR and it worked great but she can't sleep. I miss the Metadate and am thinking about getting a second opinion."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Diagnosed ADHD about 15 years ago. I have taken Concerta, Riddlen, Adderall, and just about everything else there is. Doctor prescribed me Vyvanse about a week ago and i have fallen in love with it. 20mg last about 6 hours so i will be looking to up my dose but non of the side effect that i had on the other meds"
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 6. I was extremely against trying medications, but after an extremely difficult kindergarten and start of first grade, I decided that it was worth looking into. My son was miserable, and it broke my heart to see him coming home everyday in tears. We tried a variety of behavioral interventions, but nothing worked and my son was not happy. We decided, based on a friend's advice (her daughter had success with concerta) to give it a shot. OMG! It was like night and day! Slight decrease in appetite initially, but other than that, it's been a godsend. Wishing all you parents the same success we had!!!!"
Review of Strattera: "The negative side effects were too much to deal with. I couldn't handle the IRRITABILITY, agitation, depression, decreased libido and penis size, constipation, chemical odor in my excessive sweating. I couldn't remain in a deep sleep at night, feelings of helplessness and insecurities only when using Strattera. Sadness and I can understand how suicidal thoughts tend to develop on this medication. There was a slight increase in my concentration. After discontinuing abruptly the most intense nightmares and sleepless nights followed. Good luck, I hope you're one of the fortunate ones that this medication worked for. I am a 30 yr old male."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I feel that this medication is one that any person with ADHD should look into. When I was growing up I was always in trouble, couldn't pay attention, couldn't sit in one place, had terrible grades, and was not serious about my life. I was prescribed Adderall and now I am in College with high grades and motivated to really succeed in life."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My 9 yr old son has verbal dyspraxia, sensory processing disorder and ADHD.   We tried Ritalin which was ok for a year. We didn't give it to him on weekends and school holidays. Then this last term the retalin started causing depression, aggression, mood swings, more headaches and stomach aches. We stopped the Ritalin and saw an improvement, though he was still easily distracted and disrupting the class.  Doctor then said we should try Strattera. From what I had read about it I was not hopeful and expected bad side effect. To my surprise it worked from day one. No side effects. He feels better and happier and is able to listen better so less fights at home and teacher is happy with improvement."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall XR works wonders. I can finally get my scattered brain to focus on one thing at a time. The downside is that it doesn't work as long as advertised. I am lucky if it lasts 6 hours, and I work for 8. Once I get home, I feel like I'm having a major caffeine crash. I've heard that once you adjust to the medication, you stop crashing so hard. I've only been on it for one month. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am a nineteen year old woman taking Concerta for ADD. It really helps me. I can focus a lot better and I feel a lot more relaxed. My boyfriend and I went from fighting every single day to not fighting at all. It has absolutely worked wonders for me. The only side effects I have had is no appetite and I have lost six pounds in less than a week which I am not complaining about since I am five foot three and weighed 155 pounds beforehand. I have also experienced a terribly dry mouth but my doctor said it should go away when I start my second dose. Overall, I love it and I would recommend it to anyone!"
Review of Adzenys XR-ODT: "Adderall XR became less effective so dr wanted me to try Adzenys XR 15.7 I do not like it. Terrible headaches right after I take it then I get nauseated. Even though the Adderall xr has become less effective at least it gives me somewhat concentration without side effects. Also I hate the blister pack it comes in and it tastes terrible with a gritty bad after taste."
Review of Strattera: "Well, started taking strattera around 6 weeks back, had ADHD since I was a child. (23 now) been on ritilin and a couple of other ones when I was young, can't remember the name of the other two. Took myself off the meds when I was old enough to leave school, looking at how people are describing their children's symptoms are bringing it all back. How every day at school trying to eat was the biggest challenge, YES I could sit still, YES I was "well behaved" but all the time every day I just felt ill. All some parents and mostly schools care about is if every child in the room is quiet and being educated. I'd never felt so free when I took myself off the meds. Strattera is kind of working for me now but is causing a lot of changes to my body"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "It is a good medicine. Helps in school. Although I am concerned because my son is very pettie and he doesn't have regular appetites. I read the side effects and it said that this medication can slow down growth. My son has a big issue about his height. Beside all of that he start taking Vyvanse after I took him off Adderall XR and it's a BIG difference in his attitude."
Review of Daytrana: "My son has been on since 3 he is 12 & this shortage sucks"
Review of Adderall XR: "Adderall XR works wonders. I can finally get my scattered brain to focus on one thing at a time. The downside is that it doesn't work as long as advertised. I am lucky if it lasts 6 hours, and I work for 8. Once I get home, I feel like I'm having a major caffeine crash. I've heard that once you adjust to the medication, you stop crashing so hard. I've only been on it for one month. "
Review of Vyvanse: "I just recently started on vyvanse, and it works very well! So I'm 21, and in the past I've been on adderall, Ritalin and strattera. But none work as good as vyvanse. Adderall worked but left me feeling jittery, and Ritalin when it wore off I became angry. And strattera that's a whole nother story! But the main thing I like about vyvanse is I still am me. I don't feel jittery or like a robot. I'm me just with everything at a more calm controlled manner. The only downfalls are that it takes 2 hours to start working and only last 6-7 hours when I was told it would be 14 hours. But other than that it gets 2 thumbs up and 5 gold stars!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I wasn't a hyperactive kid. I have a high IQ (not bragging- just got genetically lucky there), so no one ever thought I had ADD, including me. However, looking back I never could get homework done on time. My backpack, school binder & bedroom were always a mess. As an adult I learned many organizational skills, but continued to struggle terribly with lack of motivation, focus & enjoyment in life, despite living in abundant material comfort. When I started taking 30mg of this a day at my doctor's urging, it was as if a bright light flooded what had previously only been utter darkness in my brain for 30  years. There's no "buzz" to this medicine. It's simply a means to reaching a more positive mindset that I thought I was barred from forever."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son who is nine was just started on Vyvanse for ADD. He was not hyperactive just couldn't focus.  We struggled with from preschool to third grade. Held him back in first that helped a little. Then third grade about killed him. Medications were my last resort. Scared me to death to put him on medicines, 100% difference. Teacher said it was like a fog lifted. I'm like wow. Decreased appetite only side affect. But not bad."
Review of Adderall XR: "I've been on Adderall since I was in high school, so about 5 years. It works well for my concentration and allows me to focus for an extended period of time, such as when studying. This medicine has definitely helped me but it has a lot of side effects. For me, loss of appetite, euphoria, and dry mouth is the most common. Headaches are frequent, but nothing Ibuprofen can't fix. I've been on/off antidepressants that affected the Adderall. When I was on Lexapro, taking Adderall would make me irritable, anxious, and paranoid. Sometimes to a full blown panic attack. Now I'm on Prozac and the Adderall combination is fine. But I still get anxious and mildly irritable when the "high" of the Adderall decreases."
Review of Adderall: "I've only had the brand name for a few days in a hospital, and it worked well with relatively no side effects. My doctor prescribed it after I got out, not knowing there was a generic. I was given the generic and it wasn't even close to the brand. I rarely get headaches, and I had a blinding one in my temples for 2.5 days. Brand name good/generic evil."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son was prescribed this at the age of five. It work well on his ADHD, the bad thing about it was that it made his see things that weren't there. He would hallucinate very badly. So we had him taken off and was put on a new medicine."
Review of Guanfacine: "I have to say, I am ALL FOR INTUNIV. My husband and I tried EVERYTHING for my step-son's ADHD. He had a history of seizures, but we still tried the medicines that cause them. This is how desperate we were. My step-son is 7 years old, and was suspended from school. He hit, kicked, screamed, cried, etc. My husband was called to get him from school countless times. It was exhausting. His school finally told us, in no uncertain terms, he was not welcome at the school unless we got his behavior under control. We switched his schools, and his new school rated a child's behavior with colors every day. Green, purple, yellow, and red. Obviously, my step-son brought home yellow and red every day. One day my husband got a call to come get him from school. He had thrown a fit and run in front of a car trying o escape his teacher. My husband finally said enough was enough and brought him back to the doctor. He was put on Intuniv. Here comes the miracle! Within two weeks he was like a different child! Green card EVERY day! Helpful, polite, CONTENT! I can%u2019t believe it. He is, granted, still a 7 year old boy. But his ADHD is FINALLY under control!"
Review of Clonidine: "It makes me sleepy during the day but helps with side effects of Wellbutrin (itching and stuttering). Helps me sleep at night so it is doing something for me."
Review of Adderall XR: "I'm able to tackle life and with a good mood."
Review of Concerta: "Concerta has made me more focused and things seem to be easier to understand for me. I am 36 years old and was diagnosed with ADHD. This is a wonderful medication and for me, life changing. I now know I needed this medication for many, many years now. And so far no side effects, sleep better and still have my appetite. I have more energy and I don't procrastinate anymore when I need to do something I just do it without procrastinating about it. Exercise is also easier, which is good because I am overweight and need to lose some weight. I seem to be able to interact with people a lot easier and now I can have a conversation with people without blurting out things before I forget what I want to say and having to pause in between sentences."
Review of Focalin: "I love how it makes you more focused on one thing. But it has too many bad things to it. First you have loss of hunger for a longer period of time. Then you get this bad stomach feeling like barely fainting or puking. Your muscles start to twitch and you annoying and hostile. I also feel like crying at random points and is pretty emberassing."
Review of Vyvanse: "This drug is awesome. It is only my first day on it but I have to make a review. If you suffer from both Adhd and major depression, you need to try vyvanase.I've been on Dexedrine, adderall xr, and adderall ir. All of them made me tired. So tired I couldn't function. On vyvanase, I don't get tired. Is this what life is supposed to feel like? Life is good."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Keeps you focused. However when it wears off I can't sleep till 6 hours later."
Review of Daytrana: "My 5 year old son has severe ADHD and started on this patch 4 months ago. Although it really does what it says, it leaves him with severe rashes, and muscle tenderness. I am looking into alternatives now."
Review of Vyvanse: "I suffered from severe depression and anxiety in my early teens and was prescribed Lexapro. It had no effect whatsoever. At 17 I was diagnosed with ADHD and prescribed Vyvanse. This drug single-handedly solved these problems the instant the first dose kicked in. Like other patients I experienced the need to increase dosage as the effects weakened. I got up to 75mg and eventually backed down to 50mg as it was interfering with my sleep. However, unlike others this dosage has been sufficient for 4 or 5 years. This has been a wonder drug for me, but after 6 years, I'm starting to question its role in other life issues I've been having. My social anxiety is now worse than ever, and I find it difficult to remember and perform various obligations."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a high school student (10 grade). Today was my first day taking Vyvanse and I feel like a totally different person! I was very stressed about school because I couldn't concentrate and making bad grades isn't fun so it made me a little depressed. I noticed that I actually felt like doing work (never thought that would happen) and instead of finishing my episode of Teen mom 2 I was eager to do my homework instead! At night I got about an hour of sleep then was up for about 8 hours until it was time to go to school and I forgot to eat the whole day it's just food didn't sound good at all and it gave me so much energy especially because we had to run the mile at school and I ran it very fast because it changes your whole mindset."
Review of Vyvanse: "My general physician first prescribed me Concerta (Intermediate dosage) and it seemed to make me feel depressed, anxious, and more obsessive (thought-wise anyway). I was then prescribed Adderall XR (10 mg) and found that I would feel more productive and relaxed earlier in the day upon taking it, but then the side effects really began to hit hard. I was hesitant to continue to try another stimulant because I was actually diagnosed with anxiety (by my psychiatrist) and mild depression and the stimulants seemed to heighten these symptoms. He then suggested that I try Vyvanse and he also put me on Atterax (for anxiety/allergies ---weird combination, I know) in addition to Prozac. Vyvanse has been a life-saver, mild side effects, and no "crash"."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This medicine is amazing. I used to ALWAYS be the last one to turn in tests in High School. Now I take one in the morning and in about an hour feel like I am my true self. With it I can process information clearly, easily, and very efficiently. Now I have no problems with writing essays, answering in-depth questions, second-guessing myself. I even found that I am a lot more confident with many things (ranging from presentations to girls). I also take much better care of myself throughout the day except when it comes to eating for I do experience the loss in appetite. To describe it, it is almost like an auto tune-up program except for your brain! Adderall is absolutely great for me!"
Review of Vyvanse: "I failed 2 classes in high school, could pass the driver test, Struckout with girls because I was too hyper. Good at sports didn't play well at the best level. I was on Wellbritrin SR. Passed classes with C's and 1B, occasionally got a date to prom. Got sports scholarships throught T&F, BBAll got a driver liscense.Things were missing got 16 on ACT, still little to hyper and struck out with college girls, passed 1st semester with 3C, 1A, couldn't remember street name. Doctor put me on Vyvanse 50 mg 3.0 GPA, got three dates, remember streets signs. Thank you GOD it is a blessings out of this world. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was on metadate 60 mg from 9-14 and it created a very intense anxiety and paranoia threw out my teenage years. Worst CNS medicine I've ever taken. I was on CNS medication from 6-16 and it did nothing but worsen long term. And leave me like a zombie while I was on it."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My adult ADHD is the result of a traumatic brain injury. This has been helpful with the ADHD, but also with other symptoms from the TBI."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Hi all, My son who is 12 was diagnosed when he was in 2nd grade. We tried everything before medication. When we tried meds, the first one made him loose weight, fast. The second gave him a nasty tic that thankfully went away as soon as he stopped the med, the third worked for a couple of years and around January of last year we started to have problems so his doctor recommended Daytrana. It has been wonderful for my son! Easy to use, he handles this for himself each day and takes it off when he gets home from school. The patch effects last long enough for him to do his homework. He does have issues with weight gain and sleep but he uses melatonin before bed if he feels like he will not be able to shut down. The shortage is KILLING us!"
Review of Strattera: "Strattera works great. I am able to focus and am able to do more tasks at once, which my job requires. I am now able to sit down for more than 10 minutes at a time and read, write, and study for my college classes. The only thing that bothers me is that I sometimes forget to take my dose of medication. Other than this instance, I am able to function better as a person!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 19 and was diagnosed with ADHD when I was in elementary school. I have had my fair share of ADD/ADHD drugs that I have liked or disliked. For years I had been taking Concerta but I felt like it didn't do much for me. My grades started slipping during my sophmore year in high school and I decided that enough was enough. So I did some research and started reading about Vyvanse. My doctor didn't know much about it because it is a fairly new drug. I started taking 50mg of Vyvanse when I was 18 and have seen nothing but positive effects. I went from a 3.0 to a 4.1 GPA. It only lasts for about 5-6 hours so my doctor perscribed 5mg of Adderall to take. I have loads of studying to do. This drug is simply wonderful. The reviews are helpful."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am a 20 year old man, going to university and had or still have troubles concentrating with my ADHD, mostly staying on one subject. Started taking Dexedrine, first it made me restless and gave lots of anxiety. Could not hold up a normal conversation or sit still, it made me feel uncomfortable. Then tried Concerta it was effective somewhat but did not help as much as I had hoped, could not notice much of a effect. Ritalin gives me the concentration when I need it most. "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse is not like any other ADHD med out there. It is better! a lot better! I does not matter how much Vyvanse you take, your body will not let the amphetamine level go any higher than it can process it. This gives you control. Vyvanse is a spark, it lets you chose what to focus on, rather than make you hyper and euphoric like other ADHD meds do. Why it does not work for some people? Because most people fail to use ADHD meds accordingly! No med is a "magic bullet." For those of us who actually have ADHD and have tried absolutely everything (healthy diet, good night sleep, exercise, multivitamins etc.), Vyvanse is the "missing piece to the puzzle!"
Review of Guanfacine: "I notice that my daughter was having problems in fifth grade would not sit still and would always be getting up to throw paper out and would know who was the last one that went to the restroom.  I spoke to the teacher and told them to please evaluate my daughter cause it seems like she has ADHD. They said she was fine. When I started to see her grades they were dropping. I immediately took her to Miami Children's Hospital to the neurologist and they tested her, filled out some papers and yes she was has ADHD.  I've tried Concerta, Strattera, Vyvanse and Adderall but the best medicine that has worked for my daughter is Intuniv!  She had all F's and now 15 years old and first year of high school she has all A's and B's. Thank you Intuniv!!!"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I've been taking Focalin XR for the past 6 years and it worked well. This past year it hasn't worked for as long as it used to. It wears off about 1."
Review of Vyvanse: "Summary: effective treatment of ADHD, awful if you have anxiety or BED/anorexiaThis was the first drug I took for ADHD. It was extremely effective. I was able to get all my work done in my classes with time management I had never had before. However, the side effects can be extreme. It made me extremely self conscious. I would apologize after virtually every sentence in a conversation because I was so scared something I did/said would be perceived as rude. I became obsessed with my skin and weight, developed severe dermatillomania and I lost about 35 poundsVyvanse crash is awful. In the middle of the day as it would wear off I would suddenly become extremely agitated, snapping at people over something as small as the sound of their voice"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Works well, helps my focus during class and while doing homework. Concerta seemed to work better, but I think this stuff is doing a good job. It doesn't suppress your appetite as much as Concerta."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was on Vyvanse for ADD. I started off at 30mg and enjoyed the ability to better focus my attention on tasks and it worked as an appetite suppressant. I increased it to 50mg and that is when my eyes started to become blurry. I decreased it back down to 30mg and I still had blurry eyes at times so I discontinued using the medicine. While using the medicine, I took my Vyvanse in the morning early and then 50mg of Zoloft in the early afternoon. If I took both pills at the same time in the morning I become agitated and felt like EVERYTHING was important and found it hard to concentrate. It was a really weird rush of emotions. If it doesnt make your eyes blurry or make you agitated this is an awesome drug. It started working within a week."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "This pill is very effective and has its ups and downs. I took this med in back in 2014 for my ADHD and stopped completely in 2015 due to the side affects. I am currently taking it again and it has changed me completely. PROS: *You can concentrate incredibly *You get work done fast * It makes you think twice* loose weight (if your interested in that)Cons:*You get paranoid*You feel nauseated the whole time*You become very antisocial*You get aggravated very quickly *People always think your sad or something's wrong*APPETITE IS GONE *You get sad fairly quick*Everything bothers you*Its very hard to get or stay happy*It gets hard to fall asleep This is my 2nd month back on it and there has been a substantial change in me already"
Review of Clonidine: "My granddaughter started Kapvay and she is almost 10 years old. She has been diagnosed with ADD. She was using Intuniv,  but 1 mg not enough for attention and 2 mg made her so so tired.Started Kapvay and WOWcannot sleep.huge blister on her lip.legs hurt so bad. She is almost 10 but small, she weighs 47 pounds (she was 2.8 lb preemie-11 weeks early). Have to stop medicine. I also read that it was not a great choice for ADD alone."
Review of Concerta: "I'm quite depressed and bad at schoolwork. When I take Concerta especially high doses, I do much better at school and my depression goes away. It feels like I'm completely stoned and I have no emotions. I also lost 10 pounds in a month going from 105 to 95 it's kinda cool being this skinny, my friends think I'm anorexic but I'm just not hungry."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I started using this medication about 4 months ago. I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 5 years old. The only annoying thing about this medication is that it keeps my mouth extremely dry. I found that using hard candies (regular or sugar free) helps a lot. Vyvanse has helped me a lot, especially with my concentration. I can actually read a book without having to read the same page 3 times, but the only thing is that it feels like my blood pressure goes up, I also have tachycardia. "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "When I first started taking it, it helped me immensely with my ADHD. Pretty quickly, however, it stopped working. For one thing, it gives me crazy mood swings. It really amps me up at first, and I get super euphoric and happy for two hours, and then I feel awful and anxious and depressed. It actually potentiates my ADHD symptoms. It makes me extremely thirsty all the time, so I keep having to leave class to go use the bathroom or fill up my water bottle.Adderall makes it harder for me to appreciate the beauty of nature. I feel less in touch with my emotions when I take it.I understand that Adderall helps people a lot of the time, so it's worth a shot. But it didn't help me AT ALL. In fact, it probably made things worse."
Review of Adderall: "Such an amazing contribution to the pharmaceutical world. So much better than its ugly step sisters, such as Ritalin and Vyvanse. Adderall steals the show every time. 30mg/day does the trick. Been on it for 12 years, I've taken personal breaks for tolerance. I've never had any type of "withdrawal" or "come downs" at the end of the day. This drug has the ability to put me to sleep when I take it, honestly; and that's because my dissociation (caused by my ADHD) causes my anxiety to skyrocket. But when I take my adderall, I am able to focus on reality, making my anxiety disappear for a few hours. Calms me  down. Relief is a blessing."
Review of Concerta: "I was initially diagnosed with ADHD-combined hyperactive and implulsive when I was 16. Up until that point, I struggled with my attention issues and excessive energy and it became increasingly difficult to cope with the symptoms as I got older. My doctor prescribed me Concerta 54 Mg once a day. I immediately noticed significant improvements. I was able to think more clearly and communicate coherently. At the same time I noticed that I had a better ability to control my attention and remain focused over a more prolonged period of time. My grades improved and my relationship with friends and family became much better.I'm now 26 and still taking the medication. The therapeutic effects are still evident."
Review of Concerta: "Wonderful medicine. I was failing school before I took it. After it was prescribed to me I was focused and graduated with a 3.7 GPA."
Review of Cylert: "Doctors would often laugh when they heard which medication I was taking for ADHD: Cylert, I was on a "kid dosage": 37.5 mg, 1 in the morning. I was diagnosed with Attention Deficit as a young adult. I'd struggled my whole life with social anxiety, depression, impulsiveness, inability to remain in stable relationships. Maintained a good GPA through my Junior year in University and couldn't tolerate one more year. I'd always been creative and quickly learned what interested me. I was shocked when Cylert was blackboxed. My liver function was fine and I had a normal sex drive. After decades of demanding high-tech jobs, one day Cylert just quit working. Ritalin..finally Adderall. Both killed my sex drive. BUT I could focus! Switching to Dexedrine ER."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I started Concerta when I was in 7th grade. I am now 14 and I started off with 36mg now I am 54mg at first I had a big boost in my grades! I started getting A's! This year I have been noticing in school that I have been more anxious, depressed, not hungry during the day, and a little bit socially awkward. I am trying to deal with my side effects. I am going to doctor soon about Concerta. You are not alone"
Review of Amphetamine: "Been on Adzenys since September 2016. Works great.  I have been more focused at work and I'm other less stimulating situations. No side effects. Flavor is good for a ODT. Easy to take and remember"
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "My extended release pill, 30mg Vyvanse, only lasts for about 5 hours for me. My doctor prescribed a short acting pill, which was Dexedrine for doing my homework at night. Took 5mg and felt literally nothing after waiting an hour. Then took another 5mg (as my doctor said I might need). I did feel a lot less hyperactive, but almost to the point of sluggish. My concentration improved the tiniest bit, but not nearly as well compared to Vyvanse. This pill seems to work better at combating ADHD symptoms, but not really ADD symptoms. I would advise trying Vyvanse."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Unbelievable! I think and concentrate much better , focus, it does effect for men a little down below, but it makes you focus so you are very hi libido. Men know what I am talking about. It is great for that you mind does not wonder.  I've only been on it for a week, it works immediately. And yes you worry because you can see things so good, and you are not used to it. So I get scared, that should go away. try it. you don't like, try something else, controlled substance, hard to get. Psychiatry will get this for you, and you need prior authorization depending on insurance."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Helps concentrate tremendously keeps my mind on a task rather than jumping around doing other things instead of not finishing what I started"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 26 and started taking classes again. I was diagnosed ADD at 9 and was off and on Adderall and Ritialin through high school. I would always take it in the morning of school days, and not take it on weekends. I'm on 70 mg Vyvanse now I've been on for 3 months. I like it because it suppresses my appetite the least of the 3 medicines. I'm getting concerned though, because with school and work I will take 2 a day sometimes. But I still don't take it on non work or school days, but my concern is I think I am feeling withdrawal effects. I took it 12 days straight between 70 and 140mg a day, and the first day I didn't take it I couldn't get out of bed and felt depressed and had no motivation. I'm on day 2 and my brain feels like mush."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I'm a 32 year old male and have had symptoms of ADHD all my life, but chose not to treat it because the types of medications available seemed to 'take something away' from my personality.  I finally reached a point that my wife begged me to do something, so I started with Strattera due to my doctor's recommendation.  I've been on 40mg for 2 months now, and notice a major difference.  I now have a desire to get on the floor and play with the kids, whereas before it seemed tedious and boring.  I find that I'm not as tired at the end of the day/week because my thoughts are not distracted, by all the 'noise' that I seem to have from the ADHD.  I'm still new to the drug, and things could change, but for now, I am really happy."
Review of Strattera: "I was given a starter pack of a month long supply of Strattera from my Psychiatrist. I'm currently about two weeks in (starts you at 20mg and ends at 80mg) and the reason I am giving the drug this rating is due to me being unsure about how it's affected me thus far. When I first started to take it my anxiety subsided and I felt normal and back on track again. This lasted for the first week. I was even able to travel alone to be with my fianc in Mexico. I've never traveled much, let alone by myself. I did this with ease. Now back from my trip and having increased the dosage to I believe 60 or 80 right now, I don't feel the same. Sadly. :-( I'm disheartened because I thought this was my cure all after a terrible winter."
Review of Nuvigil: "Very effective. Eliminates the anxiety associated with ADHD. Able to process and function. None of the jittery side effects that I had with Adderall, Straterra or Concerta. It was the smoothest thing I ever took.The only two knocks is that the medicine is off labeled and will not be covered by my insurance. Out of pocket can be $3-$400 a month? I can't cover that, so my joy will be short lived. "
Review of Strattera: "I did increase in awareness but the grades are still the same for me."
Review of Vyvanse: "My son is on Vyvanse, now so am I. First, my head is clear for the first time ever. No 90 mile an hour uncontrollable though, no wondering ideas, no day dreaming. I don't feel drugged. In fact, I feel drugged when I'm not on medicines now. I didn't know what it was like to be "normal" prior to this medicine. The only issue I have is the stomach problems. Some slight stomach pain and bowel issues. I also stopped drinking caffeine and have adjusted my diet to be more well balanced. It's helped a lot. If you're new to Vyvanse, don't drink caffeine! Water only, and adjust your diet for high protein in the morning, it's a must.  Change your diet and quick."
Review of Vyvanse: "Im a 19 year old male. I struggled through school my whole life but still tested past most my classmates. I was diagnosed with ADHD last year and was on a different medication that really didn't work and then a month ago my doctor prescribed Vyvanse and it has changed my life so much. I recommend that every person with  ADHD try it out. Its amazing. The only real side effect I have is I'm a little more irritable."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son has ADHD, he was on Concerta which started out working well, but started not working this year.  His Neurologist prescribed Vyvanse.  He was only one the drug for one month, it was the worse experience every.  Not only didn't he sleep, my son developed a Tic and depression.  I do not recommend this drug for ADHD, it worsened my sons."
Review of Adderall XR: "Takes about an hour to two hours before affects take hold. Ability to focus and think clearly become apparent. Some shortness of breath here and there. I'm fit and active. Increased symptoms of PMS during cycle."
Review of Adderall: "This medication has completely changed my life. Without it I feel like I am not complete. Twisted I feel like I can accomplish anything. Without it I sleep and have no motivation, suffer from depression, anxiety, no social skills. With it my whole social outlook changed, I am no longer shy and not showing away from social encounters. It is definitely a miracle."
Review of Concerta: "I have been taking Strattera 60MG for 6 months and am a Male that weighs 185LBS and is 6 ft 2 in. The ATX(Strattera) was not enough to help my severe unmotivation. I recently added on Concerta (alza 18mg generic) to my medications and it has helped dramatically. Like a pair of eyeglasses, I can now "see" my life in a better light. It will not get your work done for you nor will it solve all of your issues that you may have, but it will make life a LOT easier to live. Instead of always worrying and being behind, I can get what is real important done and get to what is important another day. My mood has not been bad, my driving is less road rageish. I'm a LOT less stressed out and anxious. I'm blessed to get help at age 22. I am doing well"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I recently began taking Adderall 15mg.  In terms of mood, I have become less anxious on Adderall.   Some people note increased aggression- I feel that I am capable of being more (verbally) aggressive because there is less anxiety to dampen the desire for confrontation.  However, I feel more capable of choosing whether or not to pursue confrontation. The other day at the bank, I calmly voiced my discontent over erroneous charges the bank made to my account (for the 3rd time!).  When the employee became a bit agitated, I decided to end the conversation rather than escalate the argument.  I was satisfied with my performance- I said my piece, got the closet thing to an apology I was going to get, and got out.   Adderall seems to make this easier- I don't feel as rev'd up as I would otherwise.  Our stress reactions to everyday situations like these are often way out of proportion to the stakes and Adderall seems to dampen down the reaction to something more appropriate.  It's a brave new world!"
Review of Zenzedi: "The generic for this med didn't work at all, however the name brand (for some reason) is amazing! It has changed my life after so many other meds have failed. I am able to study, take notes, and remember what I've read now. The only reason I did not give it a 10 is because I am having some issues with insomnia. I'm sure that is related to the timing and strength of my last dose of the day however, and will adjusted. It can be expensive, however after trying everything else and nothing else working, I would rather pay for this than deal with awful symptoms all day."
Review of Adderall XR: "I had unknowingly suffered from ADHD-PI for my entire life. I was constantly in trouble for losing my things, not paying attention in class, forgetting conversations, being unable to understand conversations, so on and so forth. My life was a wreck. My parents constantly told me that I was lazy and worthless. After I joined the military, I was diagnosed with ADHD and Adderall was the first and only medication that I was put on. I went from being the clumsy loser to the office hero. I recently started college and so far, I'm getting straight A's. This medication makes me cool, logical and focused. I took off a star because it makes me forget to eat sometimes and that makes me tired."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 16 and was recently diagnosed with ADD. I find Vyvanse extremely helpful for the first 6 hours, and then as I come off of it I often have a depressive mood swing for about an hour. I have been trying other medications but Vyvanse works the best for me (except for the mood swings). I am almost never hungry. I have lost about 22lbs in 2 months. It's important to keep a regular eating schedule. I continue to try different medications, but this one has extremely changed my life for the better in school and in social settings."
Review of Strattera: "My son was in kindergarten when he was diagnosed with ADHD. Strattera was the second medicine we tried and it worked great. His teacher and us at home noticed the change and could always tell if he missed his dose. He is now 13 and in 8th grade and has decided to take himself off the medicine. Hes been off it since before last summer and is doing great. Hoping because he was medicated at a young age that he may have out grown his symptoms. I would recommend Strattera to anyone."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm a 46 y.o. female and have been taking Vyvanse for approximately 3 months. I started out on 50mg in the morning and it worked great by giving me energy and completing projects. However, I would get tired after 8 hours. After 1 month of taking 50mg x1 a day my doctor switched me to 30mg twice daily to prevent that tired feeling after 8 hours. After 2 months of taking 30mg x2 a day I'm tired a lot and seemed to have already built up a resistance to it. Maybe I just need to increase the dose, not sure. This medicine worked great at first for ADHD and I'm hoping I can increase the dose and feel energetic and focused again. The side effects I have experienced are, weight loss (13lbs) the first month but gained 8 lbs back, and have bad breath."
Review of Wellbutrin XL: "Helps me wake faster in the morning. Thinking clearer. Helped me get over sexual dysfunction (SSRI induced years ago. Stopped SSRIs, but residual emotional scarring remained). Was on Lamictal and Depakote. Exchanged the Depakote for Wellbutrin XL and my girlfriend commented I went from boy to man in less than a month. Superb concentration and continuous connected thought."
Review of Adderall XR: "I can't function without it. I'm 20 years old and it turned my life around, the only thing was it gave me heart palpitations but its easily curable with a lower dose. I was taking 20 mg. I'm going to try it 10 mg. Too much makes you stay up for ages."
Review of Adderall: "Should have started with Adderall at first. My eight year old son is doing good."
Review of Strattera: "The side effects were terrible. The first day my heart was racing so fast, I had dry mouth, headache, chills, sweating, and woke up every hour after falling asleep at 10pm. I usually sleep through the night. The 2nd day of taking Strattera my eyes were dilated and my husband said my eyes looked weird. I thought I would sleep better since I took the medicine in the morning but I was wrong. Fell asleep at 10pm, woke up sweating with a fast pulse...really fast. Woke up every 2 hours. Just terrible. The 2 days I took it I had energy to do tasks around the house but the side effects of not sleeping and my eyes dilating were too much. Plus my heart rate was all over the place."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son was having alot of trouble in school and we ended up having him repeat the first grade. At the end of his first year in first grade we put him on the medication and saw an immediate difference on his focus. He is finally above goal in his classwork. So as far as school goes he is doing amazing. The con for us is my son is very thin to begin with so the medication hasnt helped with weight gain. Also he does strange things like hitting himself in the chest not hard just looks strange. He just does odd things at times. But he doesnt have any issues sleeping. "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "It makes you feel very energetic and makes you want to accomplish everything and it makes you very interested in stuff going on with yourself. It keeps you awake and very alert and you feel like you are on top of the world."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 7. I started with Concerta to treat it but as time went on the side effects and the dosage being 135mg was getting annoying. I have noticed that Focalin XR has fewer side effects than Concerta. Also, I eat a good deal more and I can sleep when taking it. I also read in the comments that the maximum dosage is 20mg? I take 35mg and will probably up my dose. Other than that it is a very good medication."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have taken adderall for 12 years for ADHD and it has done wonders for me."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have a love/hate relationship with this medication. I was diagnosed with ADD in my late thirties. Vyvanse helps me a lot...when I can feel its effects. I take 50 mg a day. For three hours, I feel wonderful and very productive. The drug make feel very calm, hence very focused. I feel at peace and I stop questioning every single thing I do. It's like my usually racing thoughts (cognitive hyperactivity) stop for a moment and let me focus on the task at hand. BUT, when the drug wears off, after only three or four hours, I feel HORRIBLE! My throat gets tight, a disabling anxiety kicks in, I feel depressed, my thoughts start racing again and honestly, I feel like I could kill myself. So I go from feeling wonderful to being suicidal..."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Mine may be a somewhat rarer case of ADHD, that is very severe, and my response to amphetamines is almost perfectly paradoxical for the best known effects.  I sleep better and longer with significant blood concentration (it's neutral for going to sleep, but keeps me asleep longer), have better appetite, cannot achieve euphoria or a "high" from amphetamines, only a mild feeling of extra energy.For me adderall is far less effective than single ingredient D-isomer formulations.  Best guess is that the L-isomer is what ruins it for my condition or perhaps the more exotic salts.  Vyvanse, Desoxyn, Dexedrine are much more effective and without side-effects for me.  Didn't expect the difference, but adderall doesn't work well with my brain chem."
Review of Adderall: "I have been taking it for several years.  There was a time about a year ago when all the Pharmacies could not get any and I went about a month without.  Being a Service Advisor, I deal with a lot of numbers (Vin, License Plates, etc.). After a few days without, I started reversing a lot of the numbers.  I would see the correct order but would say out loud or write down a reversed version. I had to go slower and double check what I had written.  A positive side effect is it gets me off the couch on the day(s) I have off and motivates me to get stuff done around the house that needs to be done. It kept me up at night at first, but after awhile, I learned not to take it too late in the day. I would recommend it to anyone who has ADHD. "
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I had a lot of success with Focalin.  I felt like my brain got turned off, which was a good thing! I could sit through my classes and actually get stuff done.  I stopped losing things and I got things done faster and with ease.  I lost weight, which was pretty cool.  I didn't have too many side effects that I can recall, except for the lack of appetite."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am an older adult who started taking vyanese about three months ago. I had been feeling tired and had a hard time focusing on work. At night I would come home and did not feel like talking with my family. I didn't like interacting with people at work. This had been going on and developing for quite some time. (Over the course of about 10 years) i talked to my regular doctor and nothing, psychologists were worthless. After seeing a psychiatrist he prescribed me 30 mg of vyanese to take in the morning. What a difference this drug has made for me, able to focus, function better socially and just feel better. I'm 62."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm a 22 year old male with a horrible case of ADHD. In the past I've taken Adderall which made me absolutely nuts. Since starting Vyvanse I have noticed the euphoric high feeling is gone and the focused, mellow feeling kicking in. I take 70mg daily and it lasts me a solid 10 hours. Wish I had been on this medicine from the start!"
Review of Concerta: "Concerta, despite having little to no side effects (for me), was not very effective in treating my ADHD symptoms even at very high doses (108mg)."
Review of Vyvanse: "I've tried so many medications that really did nothing for me except give me more mental problems. When I started on Vyvanse, I felt invincible. If you've ever watched the movie limitless, that's exactly how it feels! There was this short period of time that I took a break every now and then, do not do that! It made me chronically bipolar but I've started up on it and it really is the best medication you could have. If you wish to get off of it, I suggest you do so slowly and on days you don't have it, drink caffeine. It took me 6 months to not have that addictive feeling, now I'm back on it because I'm going back to school. It's up to you to say whether the side effects out way the epic benefits. It took me a while to figure that out. Good Luck!"
Review of Intuniv: "My 8 year old son was prescribed 2mg in the morning. He has  been on it for two weeks. At first it helped him concentrate in school but he was still aggressive with his sister and others. Week two, he now cries almost everyday at school and at home. He constantly talks about death. He keeps asking me if I will wait for him in heaven when I die. It is awful to see my innocent little boy go through this. I took him off of it right away. Vyvanse worked for him a lot better at the lowest dosage."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I'm 18 and have been taking Adderall XR 30mg for 10 years now. When I take it, I can focus on school work and my job and actually succeed. I like being able to do well in school and work but lately the side effects have seemed to intensify like crazy. I'd always experienced the loss of appetite but now the sweating, anxiety and depression are all starting to wreck havoc on my life. I'm not sociable at all when I'm on this medication. I feel like I'm more of a robot. And if I get distracted for a second and start something else, I will focus on that instead of getting my work done. I've tried other medications in the past but none do the job like Adderall. "
Review of Guanfacine: "My son was given Intuniv on October 8th of this year. He was on it for eleven days when he started having really bad uncomfortable full body ticks. I stopped the medicines Sunday night it's now Wednesday and he's still having ticks.  Dr says it will wear off but as a parents it's very scary."
Review of Adderall: "I truly believe this drug helps many adults. Just seem to get through their day a bit easier and if that's all it takes than so be it. Not everyone is able just jump into the day while wearing a smile."
Review of Intuniv: "My 7 year old son was put on Intuniv for about a month. At first he was having trouble sleeping and moody. He was getting worse in school never smiled, roller coaster mood swings and would cry easily. He even got to a point where he was suicidal. We stopped giving it to him and he is having withdrawal issues. He was only taking 1 mg of Intuniv. He was a lot better on the Focalin. "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I suffered a brain injury from a work related injury about 3 years ago. What I was suffering from the doctor says was acute ADHD onset from brain damage. I could not concentrate, I was a bundle of nerves, I would argue with my family of little things it just didn't make sense. I couldn't accomplish any tasks at home. It was an awful experience. My doctor wanted to try me on Adderall and what a transformation. I am my old self again, I enjoy being with my family and playing ball with my son although I can't stay out long. I can concentrate on my work at hand. It also will make you not sleepy if you take it late at night. I take 30mg twice a day. It actually saved my life."
Review of Vyvanse: "It worked wonderfully in my case! I've had learning difficulties and anorexia since the second grade. Forty or so years the disorder has been binge/purging with laxatives. Cutting myself when my weight ballooned. In January 2016 my primary care giver placed me on Vyvance. It was wonderful. I would wake up and food was not the first thing on my mind! I was able to focus on meal planning and my life felt like it had order! I could finish a task and not skip around. Unfortunately my doctor was more concerned about my weight than my being able to focus so she took me off the medicine that has help me more than anything I've ever taken!"
Review of Evekeo: "I enjoyed Evekeo.  It was great when it came to improving focus.  I also have shift work disorder so for me stimulants are great as they help me overcome the hump I hit every morning when I just want to go to bed and sleep all day.  My wife complained that I was getting really hard to live with compared to normal.  I knew I was more irritable than normal.  Over the 5 months I took it I did feel like the level of irritabilty and arguementativeness was steadily increasing.  Stopped taking when my wife told me I was starting to become unbearable.   I usually get 2 migraines a year but while on evekeo I had 3 in 5 months."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This actually works great for me. However, I like to give myself breaks and will either skip it some days or only take half my dose. I sleep just fine, have a good appetite and have never slept better. My only complaint is that it makes my urine smell very strong- like a port-a-potty at a music festival. At first I thought it was a urinary infection, but it's not. It's just a side-effect. So I drink tons of water, but it's still an extremely potent aroma. I feel like I'm at Lollapalooza 1993 again, the portable toilet part of it anyway, not the fun parts. Anyway, good luck out there. And drink water. LOTS of water. Cheers!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I can't say it's bad. I can Ace through an assignment on my dosage like an Ariel Atom. BUT there are some things I did experience, as I was taking it and in High School I noticed I didn't care to hang out with anyone. There was times when I did but I was terrified. The days I'd forget my dose I was buzzing with charisma. I'd have to say out of all these the creativity it sucks out of you scares me because I'm a musician. But the worst is the withdrawal effects, they hit you fast in the morning even before you take your dose( Headaches, can't wake up) and irritability. It gets the job done but there are too many side-effects."
Review of Strattera: "At first, I had to take it with a high protein meal...and even then, I had some nausea.  Now I've figured out a way for it to not cause nausea, yet get into my system:  Take RIGHT BEFORE you go to bed!  This way, it gets into my system, helps me to sleep 7-8 hours a night, and I feel in control of my feelings/moods instead of a slight "fog" all the time.THIS medicine works;  the others I've tried (Ritalin, Dexedrine) produced unwanted side effects.  I'm staying with what works!"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I am a 60 year old male with ADHD, who would have ever thought it? I started using Focalin IR 5mg after cutting it into four(4) pieces. I would take one quarter piece every three hours. It took me from being nonproductive to productive again with very few side effects. I am now taking Focalin XR, 10 mg in the morning and a 5 mg 6 hours later in the afternoon. I think my ideal dose will end up at 15 mg am and 10 mg afternoon to reach the optimal dose. The only side effect has been heartburn, a slight headache and being a little jittery with a occasional outburst of anger. I can handle the side effects which have subsided somewhat, to get the wonderful effects of this medication! ALIVE AGAIN AT 60 yrs old!"
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvanse had "decent" effectiveness and minimal side effects . It was also (pretty much) the most effective medicine for me, despite it not being all that great at relieving many of my ADHD symptoms. (I have tried Dexedrine, Concerta, Adderall XR and, of course, Vyvanse)."
Review of Amphetamine: "My 5 year old just started this medication and no change in her became evident as its supposed to after about 30 minutes. It actually made her Tourette's worse and made her itch and irritable. Hope you have better luck!"
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Amazing medication that should be doctors FIRST CHOICE in prescribing a person with ADHD. I have been on every prescription under the sun, from Ritalin to Adderall, Vyvance, Concerta.  They all had HORRIBLE side effects causing me high anxiety & I also suffer from PTSD so you can image struggle. I'm a mother of 3 kids, work part time, & own a successful business. Without Dexedrine I doubt I'd be as successful.  It's a miracle drug."
Review of Amphetamine: "I had been off of medication for a while, recently went to a doctor for ADHD to get meds again -- was given a script for Adzenys XR-ODT, I have had experiences with Adderall in the past while sampling medication with my previous doctor and found success. This medication at the equivalent dosage of 20mg did little to nothing for me for the first few days and eventually, nothing at all."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I was properly diagnosed with ADHD after knowing all my life, I'm special. And different from the rest of my coworkers and people I meet and met.I recently lost my job due to a "rightful" blowup at the my Boss's deputy, which led to all the way to a final write up. Two month later, it was discovered that I wasn't doing the daily logs, that everyone can do, but I couldn't do it easily. This behavior led to a Doctor and conclusion, I have ADHD.At first I was on Vyvanse 20 then 40, this left me speedy and jittery, almost unable to cope in public. So I changed to Concerta XR 36. Mild and cool enough, but I don't see the difference with my ADHD. So I moved to Focalin XR 25. It's been an hour since my taking it at 3pm. I feel it."
Review of Amantadine: "I saw amazing results! Happy to report that the phone calls from school stopped! His overall behavior improved in so many ways! Saw positive results with concentration and mood.  He was pleasant and easy going.  He was on 100 mg per day for the past 8 months, teachers, grandparents and friends saw the positive behavior as well.  3 weeks ago, he decided he does not want to take any medication, needless to say I am sad, for I feel that he will go back to struggling with school work and following rules and back to his oppositional attitude. So far in school things are just okay. His attitude at home is not good.  Hope he goes back on Amantadine!"
Review of Amphetamine: "I may not be the right demographic for this medication but works well and better than lugging around a pill bottle and swallowing a pill with water.  Comes in individual blister packs and easy to transport for ADHD travelling business professionals like myself."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I used Ritalin for many years before realizing it had little or no effect on me. I think the placebo effect applied not only to me, but also to my parents and teachers. Upon finding out that it's quite common for some patients to have their medication switched 2-3 times before finding one that works, I decided to try Adderall (which worked amazingly, but gave me insomnia), Concerta (which didn't work on me, since it's basically the same as Ritalin), and finally settled on Dexedrine, which I don't know how I ever lived without. Of all the ADD medications I tried, it was head and shoulders above the rest as far as effectiveness AND had the fewest side effects (which were barely noticeable and disappeared after a couple weeks)."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Absolutely a joke... gave me rage and did nothing for my ADHD symptoms. PASS!"
Review of Vyvanse: "Though told stories by family how ACTIVE I have always been, despite its' negative tone, I always thought "ACTIVE" was positive. Now 44 with 2 children, a husband, my 5 year old was diagnosed with ADHD. With her diagnosis, came mine. I take 40mg of Vyvanse in the morning and it allows me to focus in the way I have always strived to. With it, I achieve my goals more comfortably, but I make sure I eat before taking it, drink a lot of water and try to exercise. It is not a magic pill and it is still essential to use the coping strategies I developed from years of having to cope on my own. My only concern is my heart and blood pressure. Overall, this is a solid, good medication that allows for a more balanced life."
Review of Strattera: "I'm a 47 year old female.  Dr. gave me the free packet that works up from 20mg to 80mg.  Took it for only about 3 weeks and then quit.  Did not notice any help with ADHD, although I may not have given it long enough.  However, the side effects were: increase in blood pressure, feeling my heart beating hard, sleepiness, getting winded very quickly from just walking less than a block.  This medicine is not for me.  Even though it is not a stimulant, it seemed to affect my cardiovascular system, and the symptoms were just not worth it."
Review of Methylphenidate: "The only reason I gave Concerta a 2 and not a 0, was because when I didn't take it for two days I could feel myself going through a withdrawal. I would begin to feel tired, annoyed and angered easily, some headaches, and so on. I have been on Concerta for about 13 years and even with it in my system I still struggled in school. At first they had me on smaller doses, but they had to be increased. I've been taking 108mg each morning and the only thing that I have noticed a difference in is the withdrawal I go through, which can be helped by drinking coffee. By the way, I'm currently on the drug right now and I'm supposed to be studying for my spanish exam that I have this afternoon. So if that doesn't tell you something then idk what will."
Review of Concerta: "I'm 17 and have been taking 18mg Concerta every day for a week and a half. This is the second medication I've tried after being diagnosed with ADHD (I was also diagnosed with major depression). First I tried Adderall, and while it made me feel very alert and productive, I could not handle the severe depressed feelings from the comedown. So far Concerta has made me feel productive and positive for about 3 hours, and then depression slowly creeps in and gets progressively worse for about 8 more hours. It's not as intense as the depression from Adderall (which even led to suicidal thoughts), but it lasts longer. I also become irritable, anxious, and tired. I've also lost weight because trying to eat makes me feel queasy."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 44 years old and was recently diagnosed as ADD.  I am a successful professional that always had to work a little harder to achieve results due to my lack of concentration and tendency toward distractions.  I started taking Vyvanse, and have to admit I felt like Superwoman for about a week and ranted and raved about how much I was getting done without the jittery feeling most stimulants provide.  But then all in one day, I crashed.  I started getting extremely agitated.  I then would get so angry I would cry hysterically.  I quit taking the medication and within a few days my mood and attitude have leveled off.  Although, I have suffered from extreme vertigo and exhaustion since I have been off this medicine. I was on 30mg."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am 23 now and I was diagnosed at the age of 8 with ADHD. I was put on Ritalin until I was 17. Ritalin made me stay up all night, it made me depressed. It was a terrible experience. Adderall really helped me, it keeps me focused and on task and just overall it has changed my life."
Review of Dexedrine: "I've been taking 10mg daily for nearly 11 years. It seems to help me focus but sometimes the side effects make me a bit less risk-adverse than I am without the medication."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have been on Strattera for almost a year. This is the only ADD medicine I have tried so I do not have experience with others. It helps me focus in on one thing and gives my brain a rest from all the thoughts. It also helps me sleep at night because my mind is not wandering. Some side effects I have experienced is weight loss (almost extreme from 120 to 100 in 5 months) although I have gained about 5 pounds back and am still working on it. Also I am very thirsty all the time, so keep water with you everywhere! . Lastly I have to take it on a full stomach or else it will give me a severe stomach ache.Overall, this medicine has really helped me be able to enjoy life and want to spend time with the people I love!"
Review of Vyvanse: "Started on by vyvanse after I was diagnosed with ADD at an age of 19. I had been on Strattera to previously which worked well, but I was still a bit lathargic. The first few months were great, but as the doses started increasing I became delusional & physcotic. It go so bad at 40mg that I thought the mafia was coming to get me, but in reality it was just a car driving in front of my house. This drug ended up with me being sedated by the cops, and being placed in the psychiatric ward for a month. The withdrawals I got from this drug were horrible, I imagine it's what it's like to quit a harder recreational drug. I know this drug works great for some people, but not for everyone. I'd be vary cautious of vyvansae if you value your sanity."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I experienced decreased physical ability, lost muscle tone and stamina. My sexual desire dropped sharply. I was unable to motivate myself and had no desire to do anything. This drug takes away individual thought and makes you do things without the desire or want to do them."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My 7yo son has had ADHD since he was a toddler.  He started taking ADHD meds at the age of 3-- three months before turning 4.  He was already threatened to be taken out of preschool for his behavior.  He's always had an I don't care attitude, very destructive unintentionally, couldn't even sit down to watch any TV show longer than 5 minutes.  We had the hardest time finding a punishment that he actually feared until a therapist gave us 1-2-3 magic to watch--it worked!  We started him on Vyvanse, but he had 6 side effects from it. He got switched to Focalin as he grew he's now switched to Focalin XR and now up to 40mg in the morning and at lunch 5mg to get him through the day.  We love it, but it doesn't last long."
Review of Strattera: "I am a really happy person and this drug made me depressed. I did not want to hang out with my friends and I would randomly cry. Do not do it.  It does not even help with your ADHD"
Review of Clonidine: "My 9 year old son has ADHD. Kapvay was the seventh medicine that we have tried to help him with impulsivity and concentration. He has been on this medicine for nearly one year. We switched to Focalin last month but the tics came back and the restlessness at night. His school performance was no better than before so we are back to Kapvay. Since the medicine must build up in the bloodstream to be highly effective, we are in the very sleepy stages but I know this will pass as soon as his body is accustomed to the medicine. I have learned my lesson. There is no stimulant that will help my son. Kapvay will help reduce the impulsivity but improvement to concentration must come from age and proper training."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My 6 year old son (ADHD/Autism) starting taking Strattera about 6 months ago because he had a bad reaction to stimulant medicine. Was on 20 mg and it did not help him.  The doctor increased it to 40mg and now he cries all the time and about everything.  His concentration is still really bad.  I will be talking to his doctor soon."
Review of Aptensio XR: "My daughter has been taking Aptensio for 3 months now. She takes 50mg once a day. She has taken just about every drug on the market. The longest lasting about 8 months. She takes the Aptensio at 7am and by 3:00 when she comes home she is a total train wreck! The come down for her is fast and has her acting worse than before medicated. She says she isn't really finding her focus to be much better when at school. However, in the past 3 months she has put on 5 lbs. She is always hungry which is a total change from any other stimulant med she has tried. I take the same med and have put on 13lbs. in three months. We know of two other children that have gained as well and love the med. So if your child is under weight from stimulants try this one"
Review of Armodafinil: "I GOT A 30 DAY SUPPLY OF 150 MG FOR FREE!!!  It would have been $500 as I have no insurance. But my doc gave me a Nuvigil Savings Card!! Plus I get refills for $5! Can't believe my luck!  So, please ask your doc for a card or coupon. It's good for both insured and uninsured. This promotion expires at the end of the year though. Not sure if they'll offer it in 2015.  I've only been on it for two days but the results have been fantastic. I switched to this from Adderall, which gave me energy and made me more social but made me jittery and did not help with my concentration or organization. Nuvigil helps me stay focused, motivated and clear headed throughout the day."
Review of Guanfacine: "After being diagnosed with PDD/ADHD, it was suggested that my son (then 5) try Intuniv.  Initially, he was extremely lethargic, not being able to get out of bed.  This was only a day or two.  We noticed a difference within days and a completely focused child!  However, after a few weeks he was becoming extremely obsessed with germs constantly washing his hands.  We counted 14 times in a 15 min span!  His poor little hands were raw and chafed a bright red.  It didn't matter, he kept washing.  Our pediatrician referred us to a psychiatrist (as he had never experienced this side effect) and the psych said that it was due to the PDD.  We took him off.  If it hadn't been for the side effects, the Intuniv worked quite well."
Review of Vyvanse: "My son is almost 7 years old and has ADHD.  His Doctor put him on Strattera and Metadate CD 2 years ago.  His behavior got worse and worse (Doctor even diagnosed him with ODD).  I refused to believe that my child could control his behavior and I knew this was a result of his medicines.  His Doctor kept saying no, he just needs more structure etc.  I finally DEMANDED that we take him off both medicines and try something else.  I insisted we try Vyvanse. The BEST thing I have ever done.  My son is now a sweet, happy, normal little boy who rarely gives us problems.  His appetite is back, he gets along great with other kids and we are amazed at the change in him.  I highly recommend that other parents give this medication a try for their ADHD children."
Review of Vyvanse: "Just upped the dose to 50mg, this medicine works good as far as getting things done and having energy, the first time I took it I was really concerned about my school work and helps me stay on task. The only bad thing about it, for a few minutes at different times of the day this medicine makes me feel like it's wearing off and I feel down or kind of worried then it goes away. So my "happy" felling goes up and down throughout the day."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 27 y.o. male. My doctor started me on a Focalin XR 20 mg regimen a month ago to treat my ADD and hopefully control my anxiety at the same time. I loved the Focalin for the first week or so that I was on. I could immediately tell a huge difference in my mood, concentration, focus and general outlook on life. My anxiety was decreased tremendously as well. As the month went on I started to notice that the Focalin was very hot and cold. Some days I would feel on top of the world and other days it didn't seem to work at all. My irritability increased too, so my doctor has switched me to Vyvanse 40 mg. This is my first day on it and no complaints so far."
Review of Quillivant XR: "This medication does nothing for me. I still can't concentrate or remember much. I am taking 60mg(12ml) daily. I have read a lot of positive reviews for Dexedrine and will be asking for it."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Terrible experience. My son is affected with ASD and ADHD. We gave him Concerta for one day by prescription. All symptoms have worsen dramatically, He became extremely nervous and did not sleep a half of night."
Review of Strattera: "It's the only ADD med that actually works for me. The higher the dose the clearer I think (male 5'11 185). However, if my dose is over 40mg (I've taken as much as a 100mg) then I get erectile dysfunction, penis shrinkage and dry mouth. Once I lowered my dose to 40mg I stopped concentrating as good but the side effects went away too."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Very helpful in improving concentration and completing tasks."
Review of Focalin XR: "My daughter has been taking this for 7 months with almost no side affects.  Her reading level increased from 3.1 to 4.5 in 6 months and her grades overall increased to A's.  Our only problem is that we are having behavior problems with her at home as the medication is wearing off, and prior to taking it in the morning.  We are currently adding another drug to see if it helps with this issue.  Her behavior at school has not changed."
Review of Vyvanse: "A lot of people seem to get on great. 3-4 hours of intended effects is all I get, during that time I feel more motivated, social and can process information better. After that time I am even worse than I was before starting the meds! Depressed, irritated, withdrawn, empty, angry, really bad.It's like the the 12 hours it's supposed it last, more than half of it is just a really long come down. I will be asking for instant release Dextroamphetamine next time, I assume and hope that they will be just like the initial period of this med which is perfect and helps with all my adhd symptoms."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Helps calm me down a lot."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "The dosage of Adderall XR is variable from person to person within the established prescribing limitations that are an essential aspect of using this drug safely. That being said, I have personally experienced the efficacy of Adderall XR as being determined by being on the right dosage (not too little or not too much) of this very effective medication for Adult Attention Deficit Disorder."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I have found that Dextroamphetamine ER cap (AKA Dexedrine spansules) are best for treating my ADHD.  I have tried Ritalin and Adderall and both came with bad side effects.  Ritalin made me a zombie and Adderall had sexual and hyper-tension side effects.  The switch to Dextroamphetamine has increased my focus, alleviated my ADHD symptoms, and also increased my sex drive.  I had to take 10mg x 4 Adderall but find that 10mg x 2 Dexedrine ER works for me.  So I was able to decrease my intake of amphetamine while switching to Dexedrine.  After 1/2 year, I have found no negative side effects whatsoever."
Review of Metadate CD: "My daughter is 8 with ADHD and this medicine did not work for us. She became head strong, was bullying and was always upset. It did not work for us but every child is different. Goodluck."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have ADD (Not hyperactive though) I was started on 18mg for a month, then 40mg for a month, now 60mg. I have anxiety & am also on valdoxane. I think the reason some people may become Ill on the straterra is because they are starting on too high a dosage & also not staying on the dosage long enough before upping it (a month seems perfect). I have felt ill for 5min a few days after upping dose but nothing 2 bad. Also taking it in morning means u won't stay up at night. I think it shouldn't be taken in the evenings. It helps my memory, concentration & cognitive abilities. Also lessens my physical anxiety symptoms greatly (after the firstfw days of raised anxiety when I first started it) & it actually takes away my constant fatigue"
Review of Concerta: "Not a panacea, but big drop in concentration when dose is missed. Extended release, but loses effectiveness by early evening. Supplemented by low-dose methylphenidate before dinner if I need to work late. Taken too late, may affect sleep."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Changed my life."
Review of Guanfacine: "My 7 year old son is taking it."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Honestly it worked really well for me and even helped take away some of my anxiety (stopped racing thoughts) but I started off at a way too high dose and had trouble with insomnia and some dry mouth but I felt the effects after about an hour and it really does last all day."
Review of Modafinil: "I've been on Provigil for 2 years now for ADD like symptoms caused by a brain injury. After 14 years of not being able to keep my thoughts together enough to hold a job, I can now connect the dots and have been working full time for a year and a half. I do not take Provigil to make me smarter or give me an edge. I just want to be able to balance my check book and hold a job. I no longer have insurance to help with the cost, so I have been trying to make what I have left last as long as possible. Lately I've been having trouble organizing my thoughts and being able to finish the simplest of chores. Looking back, it is amazing how much this drug helps me to live a normal life."
Review of Amphetamine: "This medication didn't come close to helping me the way my regular Adderall does. That being said I am going to stick with what I KNOW works but that's just me. Now I've heard others swear by Adzenys & wonder where its been all of their lives which I think is great. Just like any other drug what works for one may be rubbish 4 another. Adzenys is a fairly new drug on the market so of course Drs everywhere are going 2 B pushing it right now. I've worked in the medical field & I've seen Drs promote meds that they weren't even crazy about.. It  just depended on what the drug rep looked like for that particular med & how they themselves were going to benefit by writing the drug. I'm not saying Adzenys is bad I'm just saying 4 me it didn't work."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I am pretty much in love with Strattera. I am a 19 year old female and was diagnosed with ADD around 8 months ago. The difference between my life on and off Strattera is huge. When I'm on it, I am so motivated and focused. I have a plan for every day of my life and, though I don't always get everything done on my list for the day, I at least try to be productive and I at least care about getting things done. When I'm not on it, I am a complete blob. I care very little about being productive and have issues even getting out of bed. Like, I will literally stay in bed ALL DAY. The only persistent side effect that I've experienced is dry mouth. If I miss a dosage and then take it again, I get super drowsy, but that goes away after a day."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 11 year old daughter started Vyvanse 5 months ago when she was diagnosed with ADHD.  Her doctor keeps increasing her dosage-we've gone from 20 to 40 mg, but I am not really seeing a difference. Her appetite has dropped, but we find that feeding her well in the mornings and evenings has helped.  She is having problems with friends at school and we have noticed that she is incredibly bossy. She has been argumentative with everyone around her lately.."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I stopped taking this medication 6 years ago because I built up a tolerance to it. But, it seriously was the best thing to ever happen to me. I've always had untreated ADHD and when I finally received treatment, I flourished. Now, after 6 years I am giving it a try again. So far it's working great. The two things I don't like about Adderall is that I talk WAY too much, share WAY too much information. In fact, I call up family members and talk to them to death.I had to write myself a note and tape it to the phone to not call or text anyone! And the second thing is the comedown, by the time the medication wears off, I am drained!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have been dealing with Attention Deficient Disorder ADD all of my life at 50 years old I was diagnosed with ADD, I had suspected it for some time, and began taking 28 mg of Concerta each day after approximately 2 months I went to a lower dose of 18 mg per day. It has had a positive effect that it is much easier to stay on task my ability to concentrate has been significantly increased.  In describing its effect it seems that my mind has slowed down. The side effects have been minimal a little lightheaded at times. I do not take it every day sometimes, I usually use it Monday to Friday."
Review of Strattera: "I read all these reviews and I still took it. I told my doctor about the reviews and my concerns and she pushed me to try it so I did. Progressively I could not leave my house. I was so tired. I could only have the strength to shower once every 9 days. I felt myself becoming more and more tired and for some reason I just stayed with it- I gradually increased the dosage and ate it with food, all the tips everyone's said I've done because I wanted it so badly to work. But it has made me sick and I'm not sure if I've recovered even now, a month after stopping. The final straw was me starging to feel worse I had been in years. Please do not be like me. I saw the reviews and I did not listen."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I took it for a week. The first time I took it, I fell asleep. But it helps me with focus and thinking clearly. Still, I would go on the Adderall because it lasted longer in my system and I wasn't so sleepy."
Review of Focalin: "This is not a joke. I literally took this medicine at 2:30pm and started having a panic attack at the library and had to leave. it is now 10:30pm and I just texted my sorority group chat asking if there was an earthquake because I literally felt the entire house shaking. My body is reacting so terribly to this medicineIi do not recommend taking this at all. Now my entire sorority thinks I am crazy."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have 2 boys on AdderallXR now.  They have been on generic Ritalin, Concerta, Metadate CD, all for ADHD.  My oldest is 15 and has been on stimulant medicines since 8 years old.  All in all the stimulants work for both boys academically.  Sort of helps in socializing.  They will stay on medication until out of college and hopefully be able to handle stress and life on their own.  The main problems with stimulants are side effects, blurred vision, headaches, a lot of stomach aches, whinnying, fussing and can not sleep at night. Is it worth it? I am concerned for their well being.  But not focusing is harder on them, they would always be behind in everything.  Parents have to deal with what is the best solution for their child, with us it is medicines."
Review of Guanfacine: "My son took generic for about 6 months. His dr actually prescribed it to him to help him sleep. He has ADHD combined type with emotion dysregulation. I actually can't believe it was prescribed to help control ADHD behaviors. My son was taking Vyvanse during the day then Guafacine at night. It made him extremely irritable and tired. I took him off both of the meds. He's hyper but a whole lot less frustrated that's for sure"
Review of Methylphenidate: "If you have ADHD, pills like Strattera (non-stimulant) do not seem to work. You do need a stimulant. Concerta is amazing medication. I used to be on it from 2nd grade all the way until 9th. Looking back now, at 21 years old, I see that after I stopped it in high school, my grades dropped. Just started taking the average adult dose of 36mgs and it has really helped me in class, although there isn't an insane change. MAKE SURE TO TAKE IT WITH A DECENT MEAL OR IMMEDIATELY AFTER. If you don't, you'll find yourself with an upset stomach for a lot of the day."
Review of Mydayis: "I was on Vyvanse 50 mg for Bulimia, it stopped the binge eating however I could never fall asleep not even with a sleeping pill and I always felt so very depressed in the late afternoon, my doctor told me about Mydayis , I switched to Mydayis 25mg which works even better!!!  I get a good nights sleep without a sleeping pill. The only side effect is dry mouth and an occasional headache If I wait too late to take it. Its always best to take it early in the morning, I take mine at 6 am, I still have remained free from any binge eating episodes. Thankful for this medication!"
Review of Strattera: "This stuff must've been brewed up by a demon in the depths of hell cause it was awful.  I can't explain the feeling when it kicked in other than I wasn't prepared and I could definitely feel it kick in.  Also it was too much for me to really be helpful.. I felt a lot like i did when I tried to take vivanse once and it was so bad I threw the stuff away and years later I'm just trying to get back on meds.  Well it also makes me really tired and agitated but it's difficult to sleep after it kicks in because for the next three or four hours if just hits me in waves.  A week into taking it I started getting so bummed I eventually started feeling suicidal.  Will never take this stuff again."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm 24 yrs old. I was recently diagnosed with ADHD. So far I've been on short-acting Ritalin, Adderall, Dexedrine and Vyvance. The whole works. Nothing ever worked well. I either had severe stomach aches and I would get so irritable it amazes me that my husband didn't divorce me so far.I've been on Concerta (36mg) for a short time and so far it has helped me a great deal. I can concentrate now and I'm not even near as irritable. Simple things wont set me off anymore. Finally for the first time in my life I can relax, being able to sit down without shaking and feeling really uncomfortable. I don't get the urge to constantly "do something"."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have always had a problem with focus and attention and recently was told I have ADHD, I am currently on Vyvanse and when I started it, I found the first few days to be great. I almost felt superhuman with myself because I was able to start and finish things in one go and felt more active. I have had to have my dosage increased and I feel that as I take this medication, the effectiveness of it is dissipating and being replaced with a feeling of being "Frantic" and sightly anxious as well as it is affecting my mood and causing me to feel adgitated. I will be asking my doctor about trying something else as I feel that just increasing the dosage again would cause the feelings I am getting to becoming worse"
Review of Adderall: "I have been taking 2- 10mg IR tablets each day for about a month. I have noticed a significant difference at how well I perform at school since I've been on adderall. I have many honors and AP classes, which  always have a big work load. Each day I had to struggle with my ADD and having to look over the material numerous times. I am now able to focus and have confidence in my classes. Usually I am the last person taking a test and now I am one of the first people done because I am finally able to focus. Negatives- as adderall wears off I feel anti-social, weak, agitated, and slightly depressedthe positives definitely out weigh the negatives ADD is hard to deal with and finally being able to focus means so much to me"
Review of Adderall: "My life has totally changed for the better since starting this medication about a year ago. I am 36 so when I was growing ADHD didn't exist, but I was that kid that couldn't sit still or concentrate and talked 24/7! This medication has given me my quality of life back, it lifted the "fog" that has always been in my brain and I can't be more thrilled to have found this Med! Thank you Adderall for giving me my life back!!!"
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I was diagnosed with ADHD as a kid along with Asthma. A previous drug was being used however had to be stopped because of the review and side effects of being suicidal and doing things without worrying about the risk. Hard to explain... Anyways, ever since I started this drug, it has gone on a downhill. I have been using the drug for a very long time now, and to be honest , besides the tingling feeling I get sometimes using or taking a break from this drug, it doesn't help me at all. My parents think, thats it me that has to control ADHD but I cant, and this medicine isn't helping at all. I tried taking more dosage by myself and it still didn't work. Don't recommend at all. Btw I am 18 years old soon 19."
Review of Methylin: "My daughter is 5 and they recently put her on this medication an she is doing a lot better since taking it. The only down side I have seen is as the day goes on she gets really whinny/moody, but she can focus at school a lot better and is a lot happier an nicer."
Review of Concerta: "I've been on 18 mg concerta for 3 days. I'm a 39 year old woman with ADHD-PI with anxiety. The 1st day I felt fluey and extremely tired, but very mellow and happy, nevertheless it didn't do a thing for focus/Attention. The 2nd day I felt inconsistent fluctuations with my mental clarity/focus. Also, there were fluctuations in Tiredness, I had to drink caffeine twice in the day on order to kind of function. Also my appetite became enormous. I still felt quite calm and centered though, which was nice for a change. 3rd day was more of the same from the 2nd day, but my appetite was less. I'm wondering if I should keep taking this."
Review of Concerta: "I've used Concerta for 5 years and loved the improvements at first - I became successful, in perfect shape, and did most things extraordinarily well.  My life did a complete 180.  Once unfocused, unmotivated and disorganized, I transformed to near perfection in everything I did.  The price you pay for perfection - I've lost my friends and my social abilities.  I used to be fun and full of life!  You begin to seclude yourself because you are too focused, too mechanical.  You lose weight because your appetite goes away and you are indeed anorexic.  I couldn't sleep, had extreme anxiety, headaches, dry mouth, highs and lows....I can go on and on.  It changes you and you may think it's great but ultimately you lose yourself in the process."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been a mental health counselor for 37 years and have worked with ADHD for 25 Of all the medications Vyvanse is the best. It is important to start low 20 mg and then increase based on focus concentration and mid afternoon agitation. Expect very few side effects. Slight appetite loss but manageable. Very important to take it at 7am everyday. May want to hold off on weekends unless there is need to focus for study. Consider counseling to help stay on track and educate client and family regarding the fact that ADHD is a gift of creativity and out of the box thinking."
Review of Atomoxetine: "The only ADHD medicine that has worked for me without bad side effects. I've been on Ritalin, Adderal and Adderal XR."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 7 year old was placed on this for ADHD. Although it did wonders for his academic progress as if a light was instantly turned on. His personality changed. He went from occasional outbursts to full blown temper tantrums, hitting, swearing. Like he was posessed by the devil. He couldn't sleep for days. Needless to say he is off it. We are now trying foclain. Not as many emotional problems. But not as focused. We'll hopefully find the right one."
Review of Strattera: "My Doctor put me on basically the fastest titration. 40mg for 4 days then 80mg after that. The first 4 days on 40mg were awful. The worst of the side effects being insomnia. I had to call out of the work for the a few days to catch up on sleep. I could not fall asleep at ALL. The Doc prescribed Trazadone to sleep. That helped after being sleeped deprived for a few days. I've heard of people upping their dose and having the side effects lessen and positive side effects increased. WRONG. First day on 80mg I had crippling nausea, body aches, massive headache, off the chart irritability, burning urination (with white discharge), and thoughts of SUICIDE. No joke. I've read of people having this happen them but it's a rare side effect."
Review of Daytrana: "We love the patch. The results with Daytrana are amazing. He still eats before applying and after taking off, his personality hasn't changed, just his behavior. The only negative thing I can say is the red mark the patch leaves after you take it off, my son always says it itches."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My 7 yr old has been on Focalin for 5 weeks with no side effects.  His teacher noticed a difference in him on the FIRST day which amazed me. I didn't even have a chance to tell her he was taking it and she commented that he was more focused, better behaved, etc.  So far, it's been great!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Caused my 10 yr old son to develop severe depression, and a facial motor tic which never went away. Now he takes medication for not only ADHD but also depression and tics. Worst drug experience ever!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 7. And started taking focalin soon after I was very impulsive and couldn't focus. When I was 11 I started Adderall that would keep me up at night. And I was dependent on it. Last year (13 yrs old) I was on 31 mg of concerta the first day I took it. I was lightheaded and nauseous. I am almost 14 and I take 27 mg of Concerta it has helped immensly with social situations I am now a "cool" kid. I still struggle with school and am not very hungry. But overall I think concerta is a good fit for me. On a average day I eat a small breakfast of toast and a fruit or veg, skip lunch(not ever hungry) and eat a light dinner. On the weekends i don't take it and I have the muchies all day."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I remember when I was 8 and put on glasses for the first time and was astounded that I could see each individual leaf. But I was more astounded that I had been living for years without that essential clarity. The first week taking Adderall XR was like that. At once I had realized just how disabled I was-- but also how capable I could be. Five months ago, I was on the brink of losing my retail job due to numerous register mistakes. After taking Adderall my sales numbers are stellar, and I feel like I can go back to college again. Only negative is the weight loss-- but since I was overweight anyway that side effect is just fine by me. Insomnia is an issue, but not overly frequently. Taking it immediately in the AM solves it."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Be careful. I was prescribed this at 20mg for my depression and ADHD last February. For the first few months it was a miracle. It took care of all my symptoms, and even obliterated my social anxiety. As the drug became less and less effective over the months though, I became more and more depressed and that's when the miracle pill suddenly became a burden. Doctor prescribed me 30mg, worked for two days, then nothing. Not to mention at that dose the crash was awful, some days I would cry over everything and wish I was dead thinking there was no point to life. That's where abuse came along. Some days I was taking up to 60mg just to feel normal (without doc's approval). Overdosed on 400mg and almost died. Be careful please, always think twice."
Review of Adderall XR: "As Heidle said above, mood swings. However, my doctor gave me Celexa (20mg) to combat this and that has worked miracles. Supplementing Adderall XR with a (good) multi-vitamin, 3x daily value of Omega-3 (fish oils) and Magnesium Citrate (no other 'variants', ONLY citrate, the others work AGAINST Adderall (XR) seems to be working extremely well for me."
Review of Methylphenidate: "ADD/ADHD has always been an issue, sure - grades sucked, concentration lacked, motivation gone. But, when the doctor prescribed Concerta, that all changed. I felt a change and saw my grades and concentration get better and better. The appetite loss was a minor issue. I've always been a big eater with a super fast metabolism. When I was told I was a few pounds overweight, I was happy. The solution to the problem is to force yourself to eat. It's not a bad sacrifice if you see a positive difference in your performance. I'm 6"5', 17 years old, and 210 pounds. I'm skinny, sure, but I'm willing to sacrifice quite a bit so I can do better in school. :)"
Review of Concerta: "The medicine is a life saver that increases ones quality of life immeasurably."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This has helped me a lot, but I have a couple tips. There are different brands that people will react differently to (I thought they would all act the same but no). I had a bad reaction with the first generic brand I tried, tried a different generic brand, and had a better experience. So look into that because not everyone believes that there's such a difference between different brands but to me there was. Second, I'm overweight and thought "decreased appetite? good!" but I would advise to still make sure you're eating frequently enough. Food has such an impact on brain functioning so not eating for 6 hours because you didn't feel like it is a bad habit to start! Once I got those slight issues settled, this drug really helped.Just be smart"
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 9 year old has been on 40mg for almost 6 months now. It worked great for the first 4 months, then its effectiveness wore off. He developed a "TIC" about a month and a half ago, and then a month ago he started getting very moody. Its just gotten worse as the time goes on. This is frustrating because we have tried a bunch of medicines and 2 have worked but it seems after 6 months the side effects hit full force."
Review of Provigil: "I've been using Provigil in combination with Wellbutrin for my adult ADD. I'm almost 50 and was just diagnosed 3 years ago. I tried the stimulants and like the way they helped my concentration and focus but I couldn't take them because of my high blood pressure. I've also tried Strattera which worked really well but again I couldn't deal with the side effects (not being able to urinate can be painful). Provigil really helps slow down my racing thoughts but it doesn't seem to help with my concentration or distract ability. I take it first thing in the morning and usually can't get to sleep until midnight or 1.00am. Luckily I work at home so that's not a real problem. I'm glad to see it's worked well for some of the others who have posted comments."
Review of Vyvanse: "After entering into a rigorous educational program where I am in the operating room for hours at a time, I realized I needed to see my doctor for my ADHD. I first tried Adderall XR. I had severe side effects, nearing a heart attack. I went back to the doctor and was prescribed Vyvanse. I also have a history of anxiety and some depression. Vyvanse has been amazing! I can focus and my anxiety is nearly gone. I will say that I had more focus with Adderall, but an unnecessary amount of focus. I feel normal on Vyvanse, like I am not on medication. My heart rate does increase during the first couple of hours. I also have to time the dose just right or I will either not sleep or the meds will wear off too soon."
Review of Ritalin: "My 14 year old son has been taking Ritalin for a year now. He is so much under control now. An excellent student in school. A huge change from before."
Review of Focalin: "Im a 17 year old girl and focalin was the first medication I ever used to treat my ADHD. It was the worst! Like many others, I felt extremely anxious. I also constantly would feel unattached to the world. Even worse, it didn't even help me focus! I was too busy having overwhelming feelings of anxiety to be focused. However, I wouldn't say you shouldn't try this medication as it seems to work for others. I just know that if you feel any sense of anxiety, it's abnormal. I'm on vyvanse now and I have no problems with anxiety. Just a few minor symptoms, but it works great."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have a vast array of psych problems from ADD to OCD to suicidal ideation.  Adderall was the first wonder pill for me. It made every other medicine I was taking more tolerable and more effective. It caused my mind to stop racing so bad.  Adderall changed my life."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have been on Strattera for over a year now.  I will be 50 in July. This medicine works well for me.  My thought patterns were like a slot machine with three or more thoughts going through my head at one time.  Now my brain is quiet. It's amazing. I sleep well because I can turn off my thoughts. I have lost over 50 lbs. due to side effects at first, but now it's because I find that I focus on what I put in my mouth. It is nice to be able to wear skinny clothes again. I only need to lose about 30 more. Try this medication. I can't imagine not ever taking it. It has been a blessing."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 19 and was diagnosed with ADHD when I was in elementary school. I have had my fair share of ADD/ADHD drugs that I have liked or disliked. For years I had been taking Concerta but I felt like it didn't do much for me. My grades started slipping during my sophmore year in high school and I decided that enough was enough. So I did some research and started reading about Vyvanse. My doctor didn't know much about it because it is a fairly new drug. I started taking 50mg of Vyvanse when I was 18 and have seen nothing but positive effects. I went from a 3.0 to a 4.1 GPA. It only lasts for about 5-6 hours so my doctor perscribed 5mg of Adderall to take. I have loads of studying to do. This drug is simply wonderful. The reviews are helpful."
Review of Intuniv: "My 8 year old daughter has been taking the medication for 4 months now and although we have seen a good improvement in her behavior, the weight gain has been substantial.  She has gained over 10 lbs in 4 months which is incredibly unhealthy. Her blood pressure has also been on the very low side.  Unfortunately for us we can't risk the bad side effects even though we have seen a positive behavior change."
Review of Strattera: "My nine year old son was put on this for impulsivity, lack of ability to pay attention and retain things at school, and to help the "spazzy" moments. At first he was a walking zombie so we gave it at night. Eventually he was able to switch to taking it in the morning as his body got used to it. But still he would crash as soon as he got home from school. He says the medicine makes it hard for him to sleep in anymore even though he's tired. He is less spazzy and can pay attention better. But I don't know what to do about the emotional roller coaster we get from him being so tired from it towards the late afternoon or evenings. He just seems too sedated. I want him to be able to focus. But not be blah. It seems like it took his happiness."
Review of Strattera: "I was prescribed strattera 50mg once a day to go along with the 20mg of Ritalin I take 2x a day because the Ritalin doesn't cover me for later at night, because I go out almost every night with friends. The doctor said after a week or 2 it should start to work. I took it for 2 weeks and continued to get cold sweats, shivers, and just felt like crap so I stopped taking it. It didn't help one bit. It made me feel like I was on a anti depressant or something.  All around terrible experience and I will never take it again. I'm at my doctors today to rectify the situation"
Review of Adzenys XR-ODT: "I was taking 2 of the 20 mg Adderall a day and they wore off quick. Doctor had tried my son on this new medicine and worked for him. So I asked our doctor to switch me also, only draw back was that no one in our town carries it. I could either drive an hour to a Walgreens that carried or wait a week for the Walgreens in our town to get it in. Said they won't just order this medicine to keep on hand  until we have filled 4 prescriptions which I thought made no sense. Luckily our local CVS has it on hand and the $25 coupon our doctor gave us has been wonderful. With our insurance it would cost $89 but was able to get the first prescription FREE!!  And then each one after for $25.."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I failed 2 classes in high school, could pass the driver test, Struckout with girls because I was too hyper. Good at sports didn't play well at the best level. I was on Wellbritrin SR. Passed classes with C's and 1B, occasionally got a date to prom. Got sports scholarships throught T&F, BBAll got a driver liscense.Things were missing got 16 on ACT, still little to hyper and struck out with college girls, passed 1st semester with 3C, 1A, couldn't remember street name. Doctor put me on Vyvanse 50 mg 3.0 GPA, got three dates, remember streets signs. Thank you GOD it is a blessings out of this world. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm 28 yrs old and just started taking this 2 months ago. I abused med's in my teens & for the past 6 yrs have turned down prescriptions for fear of addiction & losing my personality and control. I gave Ritalin a shot at 10mg 2/day, 5 day/week none on weekends. I wish my parents would have taken me to a doctor to get checked out about 20 years ago. In 2 months I have been able to focus and concentrate on things like never before. I went from being an average student and poor test taker to above average and testing well. I don't snap at people as much as I did prior to taking. And still feel in control of who I am. The down side is I had to cut back on my coffee consumption. Its a good cause!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Works well to reduce symptoms of ADHD."
Review of Vyvanse: "My daughter is 8 and has tried other medicines for ADHD. I did not like them because of the side effects, she was like a zombie. With the Vyvanse, I don't notice a major change in her personality.  AND, she is focusing better in school.  Much better grades.  I love this medicine because she still acts like MY DAUGHTER and not some alien."
Review of Concerta: "I'm 31 years old.  Getting diagnosed and treated for adult ADHD has had a profound effect on my life.  It's enabled me to excel at work and in my personal life.  I'm glad that people are becoming more aware of all of the possible treatments for ADHD.  I've tried a number of medicines and Concerta is definitely the best.  I would encourage anyone who is just trying any ADHD drug to give a little time.  Most minor side effects lessen after a couple months."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My daughter has been on this medication for a little over a year. She is doing wonderfully on it, besides her attitude and behavior when it wears off.  I do however, give her an additional pill in the afternoon if we have something to do in the evening. The only side effect that she gets is not wanting to eat. She has been on several other medicines and this one is the best."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I'm not impressed with this medication.  My daughter was having some issues with Vyvanse, so her doctor put her on this.   Unfortunately she's back to her old self, completely out of control, taking hours to do a 15 minute assignment, playing with her paper, staring off into space, not focusing, etc.  First thing tomorrow I'm calling her doctor and putting her back on Vyvance. Last thing I want is for her grades to slip, she's already struggling enough as it is to keep them up. The nail biting from Vyvanse is just a minor side effect that we can deal with for now, otherwise she'll fail 3rd grade entirely."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I'm not sure which brand and version I am rating, but all forms of dextroamphetamine have been the best medication for me for like 30 years. I currently take brand (SKF) spansules, which are long lasting, smooth and effective for ADHD. I have had a generic time release dextroamphetamine (BARR), which is about half the potentcy you get from the SKF. I take generic (BARR) 10 mg tablets (the pharmacy substitutes it for Dextrostat, which is not even the same). While in a nursing home I got dextroamphetamine from Mallincroft (sp?), which was okay, but not widely available. SKF Spansules are the best out there that I can find."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was always smart, but my career has accelerated rapidly thanks to this drug.  I have the stamina and focus that I just would not have otherwise.  I had trouble  with concentration in college and it wasn't until I started taking vyvanse that I finally was able to complete tasks in a reasonable amount of time.   My GPA went from a 3.3 to a 4.0.  All the positives aside,  I missed the pill today and basically ate the entire house.  Withdrawal effects are Brutal."
Review of Adderall: "Didn't really do much to help, after around 7 months, it dosn't do anything"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have tried typing a response and recommendation for this medication but keep running out of space.  In short, this drug absolutely changed my life.  As adults, we all remember certain days in our life, i.e., our first kiss, graduation, birth of a child, getting married, etc.  I will always remember Saturday, December 8, 2007 as the day where my life changed because of Vyvanse.  The only side effect for me was a complete loss of appetite for about a month.  But in my case, that's not such a bad thing!  I was taking 50mg for about 6 months and now have taken 70mgs for the last 16 months."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I have tried every ADHD drug medication available, both brand and generic (Ritalin XR, Ritalin IR, Adderall XR and IR, generic mixed amphetamine salts, Daytrana, Vyvanse, Strattera, some I can't even remember, if it exists, I've almost certainly tried it. ) Focalin XR is the only one that works. Naturally, that also means that insurance companies don't want to cover it. If you're trying to get it covered and they're dragging their feet, don't give up! You have to jump through a lot of hoops and you have to fight every step of the way. Get your doctor to help you and talk to them. Do NOT give up. Insurance companies love to make it as difficult as possible for people to get effective meds. Don't let them do it."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 17 years old and i have been taking vyvanse for 4 years now and i take 70mg. It works so well but the side effects are awful. My back, neck, and wrists hurt and i can't fall asleep and i have killer head aches and i have shortness of breath and i become socially awkward. Like typically im a very sociable person but when i take my meds i don't talk."
Review of Vyvanse: "After a few days on vyvance I started sleeping only 2-4 hours a night, then my doctor raised my dosage, now I was on 30 mg. And then a few weeks pass and I started to get really aggressive, yelling at people when I got just a little mad (like if someone accidentally bumped into me while walking down the hallway)And if that wasn't bad enough, I still couldn't focus in school.and the longer I took it the worse my sleep pattern got. I started staying up about 40 hours at a time and sleeping for about 8 hours, And then finally my parents decided to take action and take me off of it.it took me about 7 months to get back to sleeping on a regular schedule"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I took adderall for approx. 6 years. I started off taking 10mg twice a day. The last year of college I was taking 30mg time release twice a day. I feel that I did benefit from the medication during my last year of highschool and throughout college. My grades were B's and above, and during the first three years of highschool I would jump for joy if I earned a B. So having said that, yes adderall did help with my ability to focus, retain information, and to some degree my determination to complete tasks throughout the day. There was a huge price to pay for taking adderall for as long as I did. My metabolism slowed down immensely and maintaining the same diet and exercise I am 50lbs heavier. Doctor told me I would gain 40-75lbs and I did."
Review of Intuniv: "My 7 year old grandson has been on Intuniv for 16 days.  He had been on 40 mg Vyvanse alone with it wearing totally off after 5 hours.  We were reevaluated because of this and Dx changed from ADD to ADHD.  Intuniv was added to his regiment.  We started out at 1 mg and upped to 2 mg after 7 days.  We give it to him about 7 pm and by his 8 pm bedtime, he is calming down and is able to fall asleep within 5-10 minutes.  I have seen a tremendous improvement in his attitude, ability to focus and coping skills.  He was unable to sleep well while on the Vyvanse alone.  This is allowing him the ability to get the much needed deep sleep and this also is helping him out.One good thing:  Medicaid started covering it 10/1/12"
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have been on this med 4 days now. The first day I made the mistake of taking it night before bed, boy was that s mistake! Up all night really bad insomnia. Day 2 I took it in the afternoon when home from work at 2 pm. I curled up on lazy boy and did not want to move, ended passing out due to pure exhaustion, needless to say I did not get up till the next morning 15 hrs later. Day 3 about 1 hour after taking developed slight nausea and the feeling of extreme skin sensations like things crawling on me , but those do subside after about couple hours. On 40 mg and going to stick with it and ride it out for a few weeks to see is side effects lessen. Also on 450mg of Wellbutrin at the same time. I think it is working in a weird kind of way!!"
Review of Guanfacine: "Dr put my 4 year old on guanfacine for ADHD 1mg at AM and 1 mg at PM, he took for 30 days. He turned into a zombie plus taking 3 hour naps(before never took a nap) didnt want to play outside, constipated, sniffing of nose constantly, no appetite, clumpsy, complain stomach hurts, hallucinates. Took him off of pill he got insomnia, emotional crying, panic attacks, couldnt make his mind up as to what he wanted, always stayed at his Nana's every weekend, suddenly wouldnt stay, panic cry when Dad had to go to work or Mom had to go to store, wanted everyone to stay home.He has now been off of pill 3 weeks and is himself again....No 4 year old needs a narcotic, they are suppose to hyper and full of energy..He pays attention and is very smart."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm an adult with ADD. Vyvanse changed my life. I'm on 70mg. My only problem is that I wish it would last about 3-4 hours longer."
Review of Vyvanse: "Cannot get to sleep. Extremely angry / irritated when first get up."
Review of Atomoxetine: "At first, I had to take it with a high protein meal...and even then, I had some nausea.  Now I've figured out a way for it to not cause nausea, yet get into my system:  Take RIGHT BEFORE you go to bed!  This way, it gets into my system, helps me to sleep 7-8 hours a night, and I feel in control of my feelings/moods instead of a slight "fog" all the time.THIS medicine works;  the others I've tried (Ritalin, Dexedrine) produced unwanted side effects.  I'm staying with what works!"
Review of Intuniv: "Brain damaged/ developmental delay: I have a 5 year old who has been on Intuniv for 6 months after other medicine did not work. On Intuniv she is no longer up all night, aggressive at school and able to concentrate on her school work (she has been in school since age 3 in special education). I only wish the company would lower the 'age' on the medication so it would be covered under her adoption assistance Medicaid, its expensive at $153.00 a month."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have a love/hate relationship with this medication. I was diagnosed with ADD in my late thirties. Vyvanse helps me a lot...when I can feel its effects. I take 50 mg a day. For three hours, I feel wonderful and very productive. The drug make feel very calm, hence very focused. I feel at peace and I stop questioning every single thing I do. It's like my usually racing thoughts (cognitive hyperactivity) stop for a moment and let me focus on the task at hand. BUT, when the drug wears off, after only three or four hours, I feel HORRIBLE! My throat gets tight, a disabling anxiety kicks in, I feel depressed, my thoughts start racing again and honestly, I feel like I could kill myself. So I go from feeling wonderful to being suicidal..."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have ADHD and am 27 years old.  I have been using Strattera for four months. The first month I was taking too much and made me really sleepy. After spliting the two 40mg up that worked well.  People around me that didn't know I was taking anything said I seemed more relaxed and easygoing.  "
Review of Daytrana: "Used this for recently diagnosed adult ADD (no hyper-activity). What a difference it made. Started at 30mg, finished at 40mg (30mg plus 10mg patch). I finally finished my last class for a long overdue college degree and my family relationship has improved because I am able to stay on task, keep commitments and be focused and present when with other people. I loved putting it on and forgetting it until my alarm reminded me to remove it late in the day. Unfortunately, the skin itching and rashes got to be severe perhaps because I wore the patch from 8:00 am to 8:00 pm. I went off the patch and still had red marks,  and raised bumps weeks later. I'm switching to Vyvanse next month."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son who is now 7 was on Adderall XR for about 9 months. It made him more focused but aggressive and hard to get along with others. He's been on Concerta ER 18mg for almost 3 weeks at first he was complaining about headaches but his aggression has changed tremendously. He gets along well with his sisters and is able to control himself better. I think I'm going to like CONCERTA."
Review of Concerta: "Okay I wanted to comment on this in case people are looking to put their kids on it, I am 18 years old, diagnosed with ADD in 4th grade, I didn't take my meds until 10th grade when I wasn't going to make it through high school. The first meds they put me on were 36mg Concerta, yes it worked and made me focus BUT! I have never been more ANGRY AND MAD AND DEPRESSED in my life, it was absolutely horrible. I am now on Vyvanse 50mg and graduated high school and got a 4.0 GPA in my first semester of college."
Review of Bupropion: "According to my GP, bupropion (wellbutrin) takes 6 weeks to reach full effect.  If you've been taking it for less time than that, wait!  Give it the full 6 weeks before you reach any conclusions.As for me, this medication is a godsend!  I've had zero side effects.  My thoughts are clearer, not bouncing all over the place.  It's a lot easier to focus on things that aren't terribly exciting.  I don't get distracted as easily.  For me, this is awesome stuff.I take 300mg extended release once a day, in the morning."
Review of Vyvanse: "I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was a kid. I've tried all sorts of medications, (two type of Adderall and I don't even remember what else). Around two years ago, my doctor decided to switch me to Vyvanse. It is effective, I won't lie, but the side effects make it less than desirable. I am a 17 year old on a 7 year old's dosage and it still causes me to have mood swings, become irritable and antisocial, and kills my appetite. If I happen to be stressed out, on my period, and on Vyvanse on the same time (both tantrums and objects will be thrown). I've taken to using it on an as needed basis. It's not as effective this way, and my doctor doesn't like it, but at least I can balance academics and a social life this way."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "works very good for energy, focus and a feeling of well being.  I didn't feel depressed at all.  It kept me focused unlike  when I was without I couldn't sit still for 2 minutes. Good overall.   It left my heart racing a little but I took a Xanax and it all balanced out."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Pretty good. Definitely helps with focusing and concentrating.Personal Side effects:DehydrationOccasional DiarrheaLack of appetiteDifficulty Sleeping"
Review of Concerta: "If you have ADHD, pills like Strattera (non-stimulant) do not seem to work. You do need a stimulant. Concerta is amazing medication. I used to be on it from 2nd grade all the way until 9th. Looking back now, at 21 years old, I see that after I stopped it in high school, my grades dropped. Just started taking the average adult dose of 36mgs and it has really helped me in class, although there isn't an insane change. MAKE SURE TO TAKE IT WITH A DECENT MEAL OR IMMEDIATELY AFTER. If you don't, you'll find yourself with an upset stomach for a lot of the day."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was diagnosed with ADD when I was 11 and have been on this medicine for 8 years now. It helped me focus on school and work. When I first started I lost weight but Im pretty sure its because I did not eat before taking my pills. Metadate has truly helped me out."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Was the only drug that was effective"
Review of Vyvanse: "This medication has done wonders for my son. He's been on it now for about 2years, and it really helps him concentrate in school and at home. Last year he brought home a's and b's and hes 9 years old! I am so proud of him!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was diagnosed with ADD as a child and had been prescribed several medications including wellbutrin, nuerontin, and metadate. All proved ineffective (and the wellbutrin Damn near killed me). Finally I was introduced to Adderall. Adderall finally helped me focus while elevating my mood. I even became friendlier, because I was no longer frustrating myself trying to find the words I wanted to say. The side effects were mostly mild and went away once the medication built up in my system. Dry mouth, fidgeting, mild erectile dysfunction.Vasoconstriction was the only side effect that tended to linger, and I recently discovered the hard way that if you are experiencing vasoconstriction, it is wise to avoid heavy exertion."
Review of Intuniv: "My son is 11 yrs old and was diagnosed with ADHD since he was 6 yrs and was on other medicines for 2 yrs now. He started Intuniv since last week and I have not seen any changes but I have read the reviews hoping to see some changes like u guys, will keep you posted."
Review of Strattera: "28 years old, 165 pounds. Severe paranoia from stimulants and Wellbutrin; caffeine as well. Nowhere else to turn, I started on Straterra 10mg, twice a day. Effects in first 2 hours. Felt manic-ish. Sleep pattern disrupted. Cola colored urine stains on the toilet bowl when not flushed. Smoking desire enhanced. 2 weeks later. same dosage. Very focused. Used together occasionally with an anti-psychotic and anti-anxiety for when any panic attacks, manicness, or paranoia begins to occur. Studying time increased. Comprehension enhanced. Distractions minimized. Recommend this medicine at 10mg for those with side effects from stimulants."
Review of Adderall: "When I first started taking it, it helped me immensely with my ADHD. Pretty quickly, however, it stopped working. For one thing, it gives me crazy mood swings. It really amps me up at first, and I get super euphoric and happy for two hours, and then I feel awful and anxious and depressed. It actually potentiates my ADHD symptoms. It makes me extremely thirsty all the time, so I keep having to leave class to go use the bathroom or fill up my water bottle.Adderall makes it harder for me to appreciate the beauty of nature. I feel less in touch with my emotions when I take it.I understand that Adderall helps people a lot of the time, so it's worth a shot. But it didn't help me AT ALL. In fact, it probably made things worse."
Review of Atomoxetine: "(18 years old, 104lbs, 5'0) I was on 25 mg and switched to 40mg as I hadn't noticed anything after a month. So far I have dry mouth sometimes, feel more tired, nausea after taking pill. Also, those around had noticed that I am blah all the time after I take it and that I completely change from my upbeat personality to very flat. I will be talking to my doctor about taking a stimulant instead so I won't have to take it everyday."
Review of Metadate CD: "I was on metadate 60 mg from 9-14 and it created a very intense anxiety and paranoia threw out my teenage years. Worst CNS medicine I've ever taken. I was on CNS medication from 6-16 and it did nothing but worsen long term. And leave me like a zombie while I was on it."
Review of Adderall XR: "I have taken Adderall XR for 6 years now. I started with 20mg once a day and now I am taking 25mg twice a day. I had severe ADHD since I was very young and Adderall XR seems to have taken me out of a fog I felt for many years. After reading other postings I question If I am taking too much of this drug. I do not have any side effects, but I can definitely tell when it is wearing off. It seems I cannot wake up without it and my second dose at noon is never forgotten, or I will start to really drag. I'm worried I am dependent on this drug and it scares me. Now it seems like the dosage is not as effective as I am very tired by 8:00 pm. Overall this drug has helped me tremendously with ADHD and depression."
Review of Amphetamine: "Have been taking for few months. Switched from adderall and it's been good. Can concentrate more at work and when driving. Overall satisfied and will keep continue taking it."
Review of Vyvanse: "High schooler, last year failed with D's and F's now I have A's and B's across the board. I'm taking 30mg of Vyvanse every morning, and it has turned my schooling in a complete 100% success. Only negative thing I can say, I've been having very short tempers. Anything can make me go off, I had it before taking medication but now it's more common for me to get very faster. Other than that no complaints! For a school setting this medicine is amazing."
Review of Bupropion: "I tried Wellbutrin XL 300mg per day because I was worried about long term side effects of Adderall. It's been 2 months and so far so good. I'm not as focused but still pretty close. Only down fall is I can't fall asleep as well as I did with Adderall and I urinate like crazy. But I say the risks and side effects are less than with Adderall. I am happy this worked. After years of amphetamine type medicines I thought I was stuck. But this medicine is great. I hope it continues to work. Some background , I have had ADHD since childhood and now am in my thirties. I work full time as an NP, wife and mother of 3. As a medical provider I am greatly appreciative of this medicine, with less long term adverse side effects."
Review of Adderall XR: "I've struggled with ADD my whole life. When I was a kid I was put on Ritalin for a few years and it was amazing at helping me concentrate.  Before I hit middle school my pediatrician ripped me off of it saying I "grew out of it". I went on through life thinking it was just in my head. I'm now 32.  I was always fog headed and trouble concentrating. I talked to my doctor and she said I'd have to see a psychiatrist to get on the medication. My boyfriend's Mom talked to her family doctor and she said she would help me.  I met with her and was put on Adderall XR 20 mg in the AM and 5mg IR in the afternoon.  It's simply amazing. I lost some weight and I can clearly focus. My boss has noticed a huge difference and I got a promotion at work!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Works great for me."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Alright, if you're here, you probably already know most of this, but I'll say it anyway... This drug is f'ing amazing.  I was a medical student before I accepted the fact that I had some serious issues with inattention.  Some doctors/psychologists/etc. will try to tell you that you don't have ADD because you didn't beat kids up in class in elementary school, or because you managed to achieve some academic success, but let me tell you.. it's real son!  I made it through med school with minimal use, but my surgical residency became a disaster quick.  Please believe me when I tell you that this med single handedly saved my career as a surgeon.  If you have any doubts, it's worth your while to look into adderall."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have ADHD plus anxiety. I was diagnosed 20 years ago. I've always had difficulties in school, work and life because of this. I've been on Ritalin, adderall, strattera (awful med) plus 30 or more anti-deppressants, anxiety meds, seems anything from A-Z. I started 20m vyvanse month ago. 1st 6 days okay...had headaches. Then came irritability, paranoia, crying, scared, ALL negative. Concentrated to hard, more mistakes at work. I purposely dumped it in the sink. Only positive: 1-3 hours of energy. Doc switched me to Metadate CD. After 3 days, the fog began to lift and no side effects. I'm sorry I wasted $50. But that's life and today I'm good."
Review of Kapvay: "My 9 year old son has ADHD. Kapvay was the seventh medicine that we have tried to help him with impulsivity and concentration. He has been on this medicine for nearly one year. We switched to Focalin last month but the tics came back and the restlessness at night. His school performance was no better than before so we are back to Kapvay. Since the medicine must build up in the bloodstream to be highly effective, we are in the very sleepy stages but I know this will pass as soon as his body is accustomed to the medicine. I have learned my lesson. There is no stimulant that will help my son. Kapvay will help reduce the impulsivity but improvement to concentration must come from age and proper training."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Works great! Lasts longer than Adderall XR and gets me through my 12 hours shift as a nurse. No crash at the end of the day."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Before Adderall couldn't keep a job longer than a few months, I changed majors in college over 6 times, I couldn't finish anything in my life. Four years ago I went through a divorce and knew I was going to have to work full-time to support myself. I went to my doctor and told him everything, I was diagnosed with severe adult ADD and prescribed 20mg of Adderall xr once a day. Today, I am still at the same job, have been promoted, and in school to finish my master's degree. I can honestly say if it wasn't for Adderall I have no idea where I would be. I now take 20mg xr two times a day and have for the last three years it still works great. Lately my moods have been all over the place so seen a psychiatrist and am starting lexapro in addition"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 33 yr old male, I started taking Vyvanse yesterday and it is the first medication that I have ever taken for anything really. I was B student in school because I refused to do homework, I couldn't concentrate enough to motivate myself to do it and I suffered in college for it. Now I manage restaurants. I am happy with that choice but lately as pressures from work seemed to increase, I chose to see a psychiatrist to help me complete tasks. I am taking 50mg a day, I usually wait until noon to dose since I work until 1 am most nights. So far, so good, a little jittery but it is new to my system. Slight loss of appetite but nothing that concerns me. I am happy with my choice so far."
Review of Bupropion: "I was suffering from constant fatigue, possibly depression-related, in addition to my ADHD when I initially sought treatment. Bupropion really helped me get out of the worst of it, lifting my mood and increasing concentration. Unfortunately, over time it also increased my tics (comorbid Tourette's) and I developed really annoying urinary problems, while the positive effects seemed to wear off, so I discontinued usage."
Review of Guanfacine: "my 18 yo adhd plus anxiety daughter takes this med at bedtime- it has changed her life.you do have to start at lowest dose and advance up to therapeutic dose- you do have to stay well hydrated to avoid constipation and low bp. The trade off in loss of almost all of her anxiety behaviors and her eagerness to now seek out activitites and social interaction outside the house is amazing. we could not have achieved this without the close monitoring of her pediatrician. our insurance does cover generic at a very reasonable copay"
Review of Ritalin: "I have 9 yr old twins who have ADHD. They've been on Concerta we are up to 36 mg and it was doing nothing. When they started having side effects - constant picking of scalp, sniffling, and puckering of mouth they were taken off. We then went to Adderall and they both got very aggressive. We are now on Ritalin 20 mg. One just started today so I'm not sure how it's going to go with him but the other has been on it for awhile and he's doing so good. He wants to take it, it makes him happy he says. Today when I took them to school he held his 5yr old brothers hand when they walked in. For some people that may not be a big deal but before he didn't want anything to do with him. He is very talkative on it but very sweet and helpful."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I've been on Adderall since I was in high school, so about 5 years. It works well for my concentration and allows me to focus for an extended period of time, such as when studying. This medicine has definitely helped me but it has a lot of side effects. For me, loss of appetite, euphoria, and dry mouth is the most common. Headaches are frequent, but nothing Ibuprofen can't fix. I've been on/off antidepressants that affected the Adderall. When I was on Lexapro, taking Adderall would make me irritable, anxious, and paranoid. Sometimes to a full blown panic attack. Now I'm on Prozac and the Adderall combination is fine. But I still get anxious and mildly irritable when the "high" of the Adderall decreases."
Review of Strattera: "I started give this medication to my 7years old we started with 18mg, 25mg and now 40mg, no change on his behavior yet 40mg it only been 2wks that he is taking it, but one thing is he is more aggressive, crying a lot but I am going to continue for 2more wks to see if any changes after that definitely I will call the doctor to change this med."
Review of Vyvanse: "This drug is the best thing. I have more energy. Can do more things and my mind is not thinking 100 things at once."
Review of Strattera: "I am pretty much in love with Strattera. I am a 19 year old female and was diagnosed with ADD around 8 months ago. The difference between my life on and off Strattera is huge. When I'm on it, I am so motivated and focused. I have a plan for every day of my life and, though I don't always get everything done on my list for the day, I at least try to be productive and I at least care about getting things done. When I'm not on it, I am a complete blob. I care very little about being productive and have issues even getting out of bed. Like, I will literally stay in bed ALL DAY. The only persistent side effect that I've experienced is dry mouth. If I miss a dosage and then take it again, I get super drowsy, but that goes away after a day."
Review of Modafinil: "I've been using Provigil in combination with Wellbutrin for my adult ADD. I'm almost 50 and was just diagnosed 3 years ago. I tried the stimulants and like the way they helped my concentration and focus but I couldn't take them because of my high blood pressure. I've also tried Strattera which worked really well but again I couldn't deal with the side effects (not being able to urinate can be painful). Provigil really helps slow down my racing thoughts but it doesn't seem to help with my concentration or distract ability. I take it first thing in the morning and usually can't get to sleep until midnight or 1.00am. Luckily I work at home so that's not a real problem. I'm glad to see it's worked well for some of the others who have posted comments."
Review of Daytrana: "This medicine has me really confused.  My 7 yr old has ADHD and usually has really good control on meds.  Concerta always worked really well, but we couldn't go any higher on the dose.  Everything else wares off before he is home from school .  We tried the Daytrana to see if he would have some control through the bus ride home.  The confusing part is, it's helping a lot with the hyperactivity, but not at all with focus.  He's actually always done well in school, but now his teacher says he just wanders around the classroom.  Any one else ever had this experience?"
Review of Vyvanse: "I started off on 20mg and it did not work very well. I was very angry and still very distracted. Although i felt like that was the first time I've ever been actually able to focus on daily activities. Things peaked my interest more resulting in more productive energy. Due to my short temper when I started, my doctor prescribed me to Ritalin and that was THEE WORST experience of my life. After that, we tried Strattera which was even worse. I'd get sick to my stomach and just feel so drugged up. After a few different dosages she prescribed 30mg of vyvanse. I've never felt so productive and aware. I havent ever realized before this, how many impulsive decisions I make without thinking about the effects. Vyvanse has made me more self aware."
Review of Strattera: "(18 years old, 104lbs, 5'0) I was on 25 mg and switched to 40mg as I hadn't noticed anything after a month. So far I have dry mouth sometimes, feel more tired, nausea after taking pill. Also, those around had noticed that I am blah all the time after I take it and that I completely change from my upbeat personality to very flat. I will be talking to my doctor about taking a stimulant instead so I won't have to take it everyday."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I take Adderall XR 30mg 1 time per day, when I started I worked great as long as I took it before 12:00 noon, afternoon I was up all night, after about 3 months, I could not tell that I had taken anything, my Dr. added 1mg intuitive it seems to work ok, I am about to the 7th month and back to I can't tell weather or not I take it. I do not have a past of any dependencies or addictions (except nicotine) so I am not sure where I will go from here. All in all it is a good Med for ADHD. The only side effects are dry mouth and grinding my teeth as it wears off."
Review of Adderall: "Adderall (amphetamine and dextroamphetamine) immediate release has greatly (95%) improved my symptoms of ADHD including concentration, focus, memory, attention span, retention of imformation, and to some extent my energy and grades. It's a very strong stimulant so it does have temporary side effects, most will go away in two-four weeks like euphoria, anxiety, and teeth grinding but the dry mouth and insomnia if taken late will not subside for months, but it has helped me A LOT."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "This drug is awesome. It is only my first day on it but I have to make a review. If you suffer from both Adhd and major depression, you need to try vyvanase.I've been on Dexedrine, adderall xr, and adderall ir. All of them made me tired. So tired I couldn't function. On vyvanase, I don't get tired. Is this what life is supposed to feel like? Life is good."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I did increase in awareness but the grades are still the same for me."
Review of Vyvanse: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD at age 7, we tried adderall for a while, the patch, but he didn't like them. Finally we found Vyvanse. He is 10 years old now prescribed two 10mg pills/day but he takes only takes one in the morning because he was having side effects (lip licking, finger playing). This pill has seriously changed our life's, if you are a parent wondering whether or not to use medication JUST TRY IT. We used to sit for hours after school trying to get home work done. His teacher would tell me he is not completing work and distracting other students. He was falling behind in school and now he is caught up and receiving awards."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I have two children currently taking Focalin XR. My 12-year-old daughter has been on it for three years and my nine-year-old son has been on it for one year. We have seen fantastic results with both of them. We have seen as many others have said that the medicine seems to wear off about the time they get home from school.  What we do is they have a small snack and take a small afternoon dose of 5 to 10 mg of regular Focalin to help them get to their homework and evening activities. If it is a no homework day or no activity day we opt to not take this medicine in the evening and we do not take the evening dose on the weekends. We do take the morning dose every day of the week.  We've not had any major side effects.  The only thing we have noticed is a slight decrease in my sons appetite not my daughters. We have also had to adjust medication as they have grown. But we have had wonderful success with both children on the medication."
Review of Strattera: "I started taking Straterra in February of'16. About three weeks ago I began to cry at the drop of a hat. Three days ago my depression worsened and began to become almost delusional with themes of guilt. I feel better since I stopped yesterday and today. I will ask my Psychiatrist to take me off and commence with Vyvanse. Crying and emotionally labile isn't me. I'm glad I stopped it before I hurt myself."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Before I found out I had ADD I had poor grades and I just couldn't sit still for 48 minutes or I would find myself sitting there at the end of class not knowing what happened because I "zoned" out. I was put on Adderall towards the end of my junior year. I graduated last May with a 3.6 GPA! I say this drug worked wonders."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Very effective on ADD. Obviously, helps focus and concentration. One problem, great benefit is that if you have bipolar and depression is helps motivate you and give some of your ambition and great energy levels back! I have noticed that if not on an extended release form and you have long days like I do you notice that the effectiveness only lasts about 3 to 3 1/2 hours."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 51-years old and was skeptical regarding ADD or ADHD. A counselor urged me to get tested. I agreed to do it because all I wanted was help. I no longer cared what the answer was for whatever was wrong. I only cared if it worked. So, I did the test and was told I was "off the charts" the highest scores they had seen in years of testing. Today I take 120-150 mgs of Vyvanse daily and it makes a difference. Nonetheless, even though Vyvanse has been very helpful, I still doubted whether ADHD was "real." I couldn't understand why the medicine was so highly regulated. How could anyone get addicted to this stuff I thought? Then I realized people like me don't get high from drugs like this and that's one reason I know it's working and ADHD is real."
Review of Methylphenidate: "There are some things I love about this medicine, like my ability to focus and get things done. But I really hate the side effect of having no appetite because I'm skinny to begin with. It also increases my heart rate which can make my feel anxious. It also gives me diarrhea which my doctor said does happen to some people. It's super effective, but I wish I could get rid of those side effects. may be better for people who do not need to focus 12 hours a day like I do because I require 3 doses a day."
Review of Bupropion: "I'M bipolar and ADHD. I took Tegretol and Effexor for 8 years. It worked for me but it was a death embrace. Cognitive functions related to attention willpower  judgement declined. Read about lithiums neuroprotective properties and switched, which is working out for me. I added Wellbutrin 300 XL for the ADHD  3 weeks ago and so far it has increased my depression, it might be settling down though, I seem to be getting better. This has to work. These are bad days. Wish I had taken Lithium 10 years ago it has also helped with the ADHD."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have been on Adderall(D-Amphetamine salts combo)and Adderall XR for 3 years (and other brands), starting at 10mgs and over time, due to tolerance, am on 20mgs regular, 20mgs XR, as well as 20mgs Dextroamphetamine ER (total of 60mgs\day). I must say that the few negative side effects did not last for me, so I eat normal and sleep well.  Having figured out the correct dose combination for me has helped in so many ways. Now I can concentrate and complete things in a well organized way.  The only issue I've had is the difference in the different brands.  "
Review of Atomoxetine: "I've been using this for three years and it helps me. I've paid attention more at school. I've had no side effects at all, but all medications may have different effects on other people."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Works great."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I am 39 years old and have been suffering from ADD my whole life. It wasn't until recently I finally figured out what it was. After trying Ritalin which didn't agree with me, and Adderall XR which made me irritable, anti -social and too engaged I read the reviews of this & decided to give it a whirl. I'm only on week 1, but compared to the others I am MUCH more myself with no anxiey!  Also, I am shocked at how low of a dose gets the job done. I am on 5mg once daily around noon. You may think you need more but start low & see how much changes right before your very eyes. You get plenty done and still wind down after 4 hours. I sleep great and my appetite is only affected the first 3 hours. I didn't give it a 10 b/c of some memory issues."
Review of Strattera: "This was my first time trying ADHD medication, and unfortunately it didn't go so well. My nurse practitioner warned me that there was a chance of panic attacks with Strattera, as I had previously had some with Wellbutrin, but I was unprepared for how intense they would be. Even on a very low dose. The first one happened on 10 mg, and there were several others on 18 and 25. I didn't take the higher step up, and had to stop. I know there are a lot of people who love Strattera, but anyone who's had a panic attack on Wellbutrin might want to avoid it."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I started using this medicine when I was 24 (three years ago), after I was diagnosed with ADD. Up to that time I had been struggling with school and getting work done. I have always been able to compensate because of my intelligence. Writing essays was a pain, because I could never sit down and focus. I feel that this is a two-edged sword. I felt I was finally able to concentrate on my written work. It works wonders on that respect. But I also feel that the side-effects can be bad, I felt anxious and my heart often started racing. Regular use can reduce this, but I feel bad about relying on meds to lead a normal life. It helps me when I have to do concentrated work, but otherwise I don't take it."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am fifteen years old and started taking Vyvanse 30 mg dose in October.  I moved to 50mg and am now at 70mg.  At the lower dose I noticed definite improvement in my attention span and work ethic.  On the 70mg I feel anxious, depressed, and I have headaches constantly.  I feel like isolating myself socially from everyone else and am extremely moody.  I do not recommend more than 50mg of this medication to anyone."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was 23 when I was diagnosed with ADHD. Started Adderall, I take 30 mg of SR a day and the difference is phenomenal! I get up with ease because I know I can tackle all tasks with astounding motivation and actually enjoy doing tedious work. I am co-morbid with anxiety, rumination, and I was highly neurotic. I found myself aggressive, quick tempered, and easily abusing marijuana and alcohol. This all changed with Adderall, I am rational, reflect on situations in a positive light, and generally just a more helpful and kind person. Adderall completely saved my professional and personal life. Side note, it can cause erectile dysfunction but it will go away after your body is used to the cycle."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I can finally really concentrate and feel in control."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have ADD not ADHD.. I'm not hyper.. But, my grades were so low I barley had a chance of passing my sophomore year, but I noticed I had such a hard time concentrating all these years and always just tried forcing myself to concentrate but it never really did work.. So we went and got tested and I had a lot of tests done on me and my brain, actually.. And the hypothalamus in my brain was not working correctly and was not sending many signals to my nervous system.. And that was the cause of ADD.. My doctor then prescribed my Vyvanse and the first day I was on it I was overly concentrated and very mixed up... My eyes felt huge and I felt like I was tripping to be honest.. But after I got used to it I got 80s and 90s in my classes and passed:)"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse didn't work for me. I had to switch back to Adderall XR. Vyvanse had no effect on my mood or concentration levels at all."
Review of Strattera: "I have taken Strattera for almost 5 years now and its a wonder drug for me personally.  Without this drug my mind really really races and I can help it with exercise and things like that to get the energy out, but I'm not on the same beat as others.  When I take Strattera, everything slows down and I'm on the same beat and wavelength as everyone else.  Social conversations go better and I'm able to stay on task with work and actually get things done.I've found taking it on an empty stomach can be bit sickening, but other than that no downsides for me.  I take 40 mg 1 or 2x a day as needed and find it wears off in 6-8 hours for me.I'm extremely ADHD but have no depression at all, very happy person always have been."
Review of Guanfacine: "We have had much success with our 11 year old on this medication.  He is conversing with us more and stays better focused on the task at hand (i.e. school work). He is not as easily frustrated by things and has started sharing his feelings which he never did before.  He started on the Tenex in August 2009 and we switched to the Intuniv about two months ago.  Tenex helped but Intuniv seems to have really done the trick.  We still have some issues, but everything is more tolerable for both him and us!"
Review of Concerta: "I was prescribed this by my doctor and it was terrible. I stopped taking it after 5 days because my doctor told me to. It made me angry all the time. It did not help my concentration. Also, 3 days after taking it I still have shortness of breathe, my heart is still beating hard, and the left part of my chest has immense pressure on it. I'm never taking this stuff again. Trust me, nobody needs it."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 8 year old son has been on this mediation for 1 year and a half. He started at 20mg now he is taking 40mg. I have noticed that it does not seem to work and after trying for 9 months to get him off and on something else I am going to take him to a different doctor. Given the fact that after 9 months it is still not working another doctor would try something different but his Doctor just keeps upping the dosage. I have also noticed side effects that disturb. It worries me because my son is usually happy go lucky all the time and with this medicine he is VERY EASILY upset, not himself at all. SO PLEASE BE AWARE OF EVERYTHING YOUR CHILD DOES OR ACTS WHILE TAKING THIS MEDICATION."
Review of Methylphenidate: "This is not the drug for everyone. I was absolutely miserable on Concerta. I was restless, anxious, needy, fidgety, irritable, and depressed. My psychiatric practitioner attempted to cure these symptoms by prescribing higher doses. I eventually had a meltdown. As soon as I stopped, it was like I was instantly better. I know this drug works wonders for some people, but please be careful."
Review of Vyvanse: "12 hours, 140 mg."
Review of Vyvanse: "I've been on this medication twice in the past two years. First I was on focalin then vyvanse for about five months till I found out I was pregnant. It helps me a lot. I can focus a lot better but sometimes its hard to tell what I'll be focusing on. Sometimes its cleaning or sometimes its researching a very unimportant subject online."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "It makes me feel full and a bit depressed...but I do enjoy doing all my work and making good grades."
Review of Vyvanse: "I feel as though Vyvanse allows me to not feel the ups and downs. I don't always have to be doing something but I am concentrated and alert to what I have to do. I started taking vyvanse for the past year and a half and I went from a B student to a 4.0, international student."
Review of Metadate CD: "My daughter was diagnosed with ADD about 2 years ago and has been on this medicine ever since. I truly feel this has been our "miracle" drug for her. She never had behavior issues, she just couldn't focus at home or school. Since starting this medicine, her grades have come up and she is able to focus on anything she wants to. We had to struggle with headaches in the beginning, but now she is fine. We also have the no appetite issue with her, so she drinks PediaSure for that. Thank you Metadate for helping my child."
Review of Intuniv: "My 8 year old son was diagnosed 2 years ago with ADHD. We knew in preschool something wasn't right.  I refused to medicate him until after his first report card in second grade.  I could not let his esteem fall from poor grades when we all know how bright he is.  He started off with Vyvanse 20 mg.  It worked well for him for the rest of that school year.  The next year we had to up it to 30 mg but we felt it wasn't effective.  This winter break we started Intuniv.  He is on his 3rd week.  He has increased appetite, focuses well, but is too sleepy in the evenings. He normally would have a hard time falling asleep.  Now he falls asleep at the table reading by 8.  I will continue the Intuniv but hoping it gets better."
Review of Adderall: "The dosage of Adderall XR is variable from person to person within the established prescribing limitations that are an essential aspect of using this drug safely. That being said, I have personally experienced the efficacy of Adderall XR as being determined by being on the right dosage (not too little or not too much) of this very effective medication for Adult Attention Deficit Disorder."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My 9-year-old takes Focalin XR during the school day and Focalin for a kick up at night for extra-curriculars.For us, its been great. He had been on Adderall but became negative, dramatic and started threatening self-harm. When you hide knives from your 6-year-old, its a problem! He's in the gifted program now but has always been a good student. All conversations with teachers started out "He's so smart but..." We don't hear the "but" anymore.We just started taking him off the meds more. Which can drive us crazy but we noticed that he was always on the taller side. Now he's one of the shorter kids and he's underweight. He doesn't eat while medicated so we're hoping he'll grow more if we take a break."
Review of Nuvigil: "NUVIGIL is so far my best medication for ADD. I have both Asperger's Disorder and Attention Deficit Disorder, but NUVIGIL is mostly for my ADD. NUvigil has 1/10 the potency of amphetamine, suppresses hunger more than how much hunger INVEGA would produce, and helps me concentrate. The pill works very well, without the jitters. It also worked as relief for my depression, while taking an antidepressant."
Review of Evekeo: "Better than Adderall or Vyvanse for side effects.  Works the same but not as long"
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 5 year old has been on this medication for about 2 weeks now we switched him from Adderall to this because Adderall had to many side effects but other than the side effects he did really well at first. So we switched to Medadate we had high hopes that we found the right medicine for him but we saw no response at all his behavior on the medicine was as if he was not on it. We moved his dose up to 20 yesterday I hope this will help or else we have to try something else."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Just upped the dose to 50mg, this medicine works good as far as getting things done and having energy, the first time I took it I was really concerned about my school work and helps me stay on task. The only bad thing about it, for a few minutes at different times of the day this medicine makes me feel like it's wearing off and I feel down or kind of worried then it goes away. So my "happy" felling goes up and down throughout the day."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I've tried Concerta alone, Strattera alone, Strattera with Wellbutrin, and am now taking Concerta 36 and Strattera 40 together.  They have different effects, and I don't want to be without either one.  Concerta works great for staying on target when I'm at work.  Strattera works great at lowering irritation and provokability.  Much slower to anger with the Strattera, able to brush off insults, has helped with marital problems.  Strattera also makes me interested in my daughter and wife, improves my patience in reading a book, and reduces my urge for internet browsing.  I had the often reported sexual side effects (leaking semen, painful ejaculation) at the 60 dose, so reduced to 40."
Review of Focalin XR: "My son is 13 and he has tried several different prescriptions for ADHD. This one does seem to be the best so far.  I have read about the max of dose being 20 ml and that is what he is on. Once the medicine wears off he can be very difficult to manage with his attitude and behavior.  It is ends up being a very stressful situation when he gets this way.  "
Review of Methylin: "I think this drug helps really well."
Review of Strattera: "My 8 year old daughter was prescribed this medication yesterday by our PCP. For the past 6 months she was on Adderrall 10mg and I decreased her to 5mg two months ago. She weighs.64 lbs and 10 mgs of adderrall had her like a zombie, the 5 most recently caused her to become anxious,  overly sensitive,  and literally trichllomania - literally developing the habit of pulling her out. I stopped the adderall this week and her doctor suggested Strattera.I got an email from my daughters teacher after sending her to school on the 1st day of her new meds. My daughter was experiencing super fatigue, headache, and nausea. She was definitely calm, but she could not eat dinner and my baby was so hot to the touch. I will NOT give her any more meds."
Review of Atomoxetine: "It makes you sick, doesn't work, impossible to eat when you're on it, and makes you tired.  "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 16 and was recently diagnosed with ADD. I find Vyvanse extremely helpful for the first 6 hours, and then as I come off of it I often have a depressive mood swing for about an hour. I have been trying other medications but Vyvanse works the best for me (except for the mood swings). I am almost never hungry. I have lost about 22lbs in 2 months. It's important to keep a regular eating schedule. I continue to try different medications, but this one has extremely changed my life for the better in school and in social settings."
Review of Strattera: "I was really irritated and aggressive all the time. My patience was almost non-existent. I broke my car window when I started taking this drug."
Review of Focalin XR: "My daughter has been taking this for about 2 months and it seems to be working besides she has been really disrespectful to everyone witch we have not seen with her before with her other meds."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My son five has ADHD and anxiety and still further diagnosing. He was on it for a month and half and he was so awesome on it. Dr did 40 mg a day and love how it works throughout whole day. Unfortantly insurance did not want to approve before age six and it cost over 370 dollars. I've gone through way too many medicines with him. Once he turns six you best to believe we are going right back to it!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "I was prescribed Strattera for ADD 40 mg. and I was only on it for 6 days. I was warned about the side effect of having nausea and to eat before taking meds in the morning. I started Strattera on a Saturday morning and by that night I had diarrhea so bad that I thought I would have to sleep sitting on the toilet, I also had the feelings of being constantly angry,  I had really bad headaches, depression,  tireness, it worsened my anxiety and any time I would eat I ended up on the toilet for quite a while.  I was put on Strattera to help me with my ADD lack of concentration, etc,  needless to say, it didn't work what so ever. My poor butt thanked me when I quit taking it, hahaha."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was prescribed this medicine when I was a young child for ADHD. I took it all the way though my high school years until I decided I didn't need it. I backed this theory by saying "It made me feel funny and zone out". I stopped taking it and since then I dropped out of school, picked up a drug problem and have been in and out of jail. I know I can't blame this on not taking medicine but I do know I didn't do any of that stuff when I was taking it. I was a pretty good kid. I recently got my G.E.D and am going to be attending college in the fall. I am actually trying to get back on this medicine so I can stay focused. I am excited to see whats in store in the future. But what I am really trying to say this drug works wonders."
Review of Strattera: "Absolutely a joke... gave me rage and did nothing for my ADHD symptoms. PASS!"
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvanse has been a fantastic medication. It is far better than other medications that I have tried. It last all day and when you take the right dose you don't notice it kicking in and you don't notice it when it wears out. I take it first thing in the morning at 5-6. I was taking 20 mg and that seemed to work well. I am currently on a two week trial with 30 mg to see if this works better. This is a medication where it works best when you find the sweet spot. Just because you don't notice an initial buzz does not mean it does not work. The other very important factor is caffeine . This should be keep to a minimum as the combination will light you up . If you feel anxiety, don't have any coffee, you will. See a real change. (:"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "It was a year ago I was put on Adderall XR. The difference it has made in my life can not even be explained with words. At 36 yrs of age I went to my family doctor and got real honest. It was a humbling experience. I have suffered with drug addiction, depression and major depression for many years. Being called and labeled so many things since I was 15. I really was not sold on my doctor saying I was a clear cut case of ADHD. Of course I saw three different doctors in about three months and tried three different meds before my doctor put me on Adderall.  After being on it for a year. I have got involved in a ministry, moved across the country and am starting a new business in Texas. My wife of 14 years can't believe the difference."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am 51, and have been on Adderall for 15 years. I take 20mg twice a day. It helps me concentrate, and stay focused. I skip taking it for one day every week, this helps me see where the Adderall helps in my life, and was suggested by my doctor to help my body not build a tolerance to Adderall. At this time I personally don't  believe Adderall is "addicting", when taken properly. While on vacation, I went a week without it, and never felt any withdrawal's from the Adderall.  I keep my Adderall, and other med's in a metal lock box, that locks onto a shelf in my fridge, because people do abuse Adderall."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "From the day I started taking Vyvanse 2 months ago, I have become less impulsive, more organized, am completing past undone projects, can follow a difficult discussion longer without irritation, watch TV less, decisions are easier, and I've lost 20 pounds moving from 210 pounds to 190 with less compulsion to eat.  Food has lost some of its interruptive attraction.  I sleep my 7-8 hours and go all day instead of working mornings with lots of coffee and slumping in the afternoon."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "It's been a blessing since being on adderall XR. I can think better and focus so I can succeed at a lot of things. Everyone with ADD should be on it."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I started taking this about 7 months ago. I have never taken any prescibed medicine prior to this. I am 62. Was having problems focusing at work. Taking 30 mgs and don't want to increase. Sometimes will take a break on weekends like this weekend. Really helps with focus, memory and energy level. I don't notice any side effects. Hasn't effected sleep. I take at about 6:30 AM and it wears off by afternoon. It is pretty expensive because insurance doesn't cover and have to visit Dr. every month. If you are older and in good health and have ADD symptoms I suggest you look into this. Your body adjusts to it over the first couple months. The first time you take it you feel euphoric but that is not what you want. Keep taking small dose."
Review of Daytrana: "I call this my miracle. It saved my sanity. We weren't having success with anything! Wow! Love this patch! Young girl went from running around the house getting into one thing after another, to finally being able to sit down and play video games. Side effects-she could just peel it off!  Itching where applied, seems to subside the longer you wear it. Gets red, irritated in that spot. Alternate hips. NO APPETITE until medicine wore off. I served breakfast at 4am to get 3 meals a day. Dinner 1 1/2 - 2 hours after removing patch and lunch if you want to call it that around 8am. It was worth it to me to save my sanity. Patch does take 2 hrs to kick in. Lasts well over an hour after you remove it. Left on longer than recommended on many occasions."
Review of Concerta: "I found this medication helped me the most through high school.  Right through my senior year I found I didn't need to even study my notes much because, when I took Concerta, I was so focused that I remembered everything said in class on my own.  The main downside taking this as a student is that it wears off by the time you get home, so doing homework seems impossible -- same with studying.  After I graduated high school though, I noticed Concerta started giving me symptoms of depression and worsening my anxiety to an awful point.  Ultimately my doctor cut me off Concerta due to those emotional side effects."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm a 20 year old college student and I've been on Vyvanse 30 mg for a year and a half. When I first started taking Vyvanse it was amazing but it's effects have become very mild at this point. I probably need to get my doctor to bump up my dose. If I take a week off or don't take it as frequently I get much better results. Overall, I feel in complete control when I take it and my confidence is very high. However, sometimes when I'm on it I experience feelings of extreme worry about the future; these feelings are always very brief though and don't infringe on my well-being at all."
Review of Vyvanse: "This pill is very effective and has its ups and downs. I took this med in back in 2014 for my ADHD and stopped completely in 2015 due to the side affects. I am currently taking it again and it has changed me completely. PROS: *You can concentrate incredibly *You get work done fast * It makes you think twice* loose weight (if your interested in that)Cons:*You get paranoid*You feel nauseated the whole time*You become very antisocial*You get aggravated very quickly *People always think your sad or something's wrong*APPETITE IS GONE *You get sad fairly quick*Everything bothers you*Its very hard to get or stay happy*It gets hard to fall asleep This is my 2nd month back on it and there has been a substantial change in me already"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Not at all what I expected. Have used Vyvanse with success, but went back to adderall, more flexibility dosing. Can take a second dose during the day if necessary, or not. Mydayis takes an unusually long time to kick in. Have found that I am much more irritable, foggy, and have experienced feelings of being overwhelmed at work doing things that I normally handle day in and day out with no problem. I am for the most part easy going, everything seems to annoy me since I began using Mydayis. Also have experienced headaches during lag times, body aches, and flu like symptoms. A lot of the time I feel worse than I do un-medicated. Do not like Mydayis at all. Will not be refilling."
Review of Vyvanse: "Diagnosed ADHD about 15 years ago. I have taken Concerta, Riddlen, Adderall, and just about everything else there is. Doctor prescribed me Vyvanse about a week ago and i have fallen in love with it. 20mg last about 6 hours so i will be looking to up my dose but non of the side effect that i had on the other meds"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My son takes Focalin XR for his adhd. I like the medicine but my only complaint is a side effect that is not listed anywhere when I research Focalin. The side effect my son experiences is digging in the ear or the sensation of something in his ear that he needs to get out. The higher the dosage the worse the digging is. I have talked to the doctors, had his ears checked and put on allergey medicines, he still digs in his ears. He does really well with the medicine in school and activities out side of school. I have not seen any other side effect for this medication."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Been on Straterra for about a month now. Only thing I've noticed is that it gives me heart burn. I've also become more agitated. Has not helped with focus at all.Still daydream. Still very forgetful. This medication really sucks for me. I know alot of Dr's hate giving stimulant drugs for ADHD but it's what helps me. I personally think if you are gonna take a non-stimulant drug you might as well take all-natural meds."
Review of Adderall XR: "The best! No nighttime anxiety like on Concerta ,feel stable and able to think and be organized a good 10-12 hours . Also acts as an anti anxiety and anti depressant for me."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 21 years old and I've been on 40mg Vyvanse for about 5 months give or take.  I've been on other medications for ADHD in the past, but they left me feeling edge-y or more anxious.This medication works much better in terms of even release and feeling normal, and not jittery or like I have a come down when medication wears off.However, I still struggle trying to find the ideal medication/dosage because my days are long, sometimes from 4am until 10pm  at night, and no medication has lasted that long for me.  I used to take Adderall twice daily, so that it would last me the entire day, but that left me feeling terrible.  I fear if I up the dosage of Vyvanse to twice daily, I may start getting other side effects as well.  "
Review of Strattera: "I have been taking Straterra for 2 years now! Side effects are awful at the beginning and last 6-8 weeks! I feel normal now and I don't have the irratability I had on other medicines. I think it depends on the person."
Review of Adzenys XR-ODT: "Been on this for about 3 months now.  At first it was great in keeping me focused on tasks at work and at home but it is starting to not be as effective I feel.  My dr. prescribed me the 18.8mg variety based on my weight and also because I am a gastric bypass patient as I digest and absorb things differently which is why we didn't go the more known route of adderall.  As I've taken this medication, especially over the last month I've noticed I have more anxiety, and I'm not my normal happy go lucky self.  I have a follow up in April with my doc and will address these issues then to see what other game plan we can come up with.  I've heard from a friend that also had gastric bypass that she takes vyvanse"
Review of Clonidine: "My daughter has tried several other stimulant medicines with the most horrible side effects. Kapvay was tried and very well appreciated in our home and at her school. The teachers were amazed at the change and the relief for myself was a God send. "
Review of Guanfacine: "Tenex works great for my daughter in the spectrum. She had some attention issues and over time we were just losing her. I started giving her half a mg in the morning. The meds helped but she started going downhill in the PM. So I decided to give her a quarter of cup of coffee with milk and tenex in the morning. Things are looking much better. She started eating with us now on the same table which she was never able to do before. She has better days at school and she started playing with her sisters. I like it and yes I do recommend it."
Review of Armodafinil: "I've tried them all--Adderall, Ritalin, Focalin, etc. Nuvigil is somewhat effective, but I find I can only use it when I'm working alone. Too much people interaction is tough. It lasts so long, which can be good, but sometimes not. Even if I take it at 5:30 a.m., I feel like I can't drink even a 1/2 glass of wine in the evening. Also, sometimes I feel very dizzy in the afternoon when I'm on the drug. I'm only taking 40 mg."
Review of Adderall: "I am a 45 year old male and was never diagnosed with ADD or ADHD.  However, I have nearly every symptom and have suffered the consequences of this problem my entire life.  In short, Adderall changed my life.  I have never liked taking any medication but the increase in the quality of my life is worth any side effect I may incur down the road."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 13 year old son, and 9 year old daughter both have been diagnosed with ADHD. I, nor my husband could wrap our minds around our kids taking medicine, but were forced to give it a try. My son started taking Concerta when he was in 4th grade, and my daughter started taking Vyvanse in the 3rd grade.The results were amazing! Their handwriting went from sloppy to super neat, reading skills increased, grades were mostly A's...and many more great results! The bad part about the pills are that they have SO many side effects that were making them seem like totally different people! They were skinny, depressed, had Insomnia, headaches, twitching, and angry. We withdrew both from public school and started Homeschool. Now learning at our own pace!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 20 y.o daughter was diagnosed with ADHD last year and has been on methylphenidate since January 2014.  The dosages have varied and she is able to take them as needed.  Her concentration and grades have improved tremendously.  The first side effects were loss of appetite and headaches.  The headaches went away after a couple of weeks and her appetite has returned somewhat.  However, over the past 5 months she has developed palpitations.  Her cardiologist, her psych Doc and primary care Doc are all monitoring this. I'm not sure where this will end up."
Review of Vyvanse: "I take vyvanse 30mg for binge eating and ADHD. I  started taking it because I noticed that my binge eating was worsening. I am a very active 55yr old woman who works out 4-5 days a week. Weight lifting etc, also my job is physically demanding. I starting taking 50mg 1st for about 6mo. I lost 20lbs I could barely eat. I started to notice I was getting cramps in my legs. All the time I have worked out I never had these issues. So I lowered to 30mg. I am not getting horrible cramps all the time in my joints and arthritis in my hands. I realize that age does play a factor but its my shoulders too, I just ache all over at nighttime. And my eating has cut down but I tend to now just want to eat sugary and high carb foods. Kind of like a druggie."
Review of Guanfacine: "We just started this a week ago and have not had good results yet.  My 11 yr son had been on Focalin for about 2 yrs for Aspergers Syndrome and was doing great, then like any other drug he's been on since he was 5, it just stopped working.  Sure wish I knew that this would work, but so far the results are not great.  His Doctor added his Risperdal back to try to cut down on the yelling out, singing at school, but so far I am not convinced that this is going to work.  We are sticking it out through this week and I pray that I start to see some results soon.  He does get very sleepy around 8pm and falls asleep on the couch. Last night was the first night that he didn't wake up during the night crying and saying he nauseous, yay!"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My son was diagnosed at 4 and has been through almost all the drugs for ADHD which would typically fail because of side effects ie zombie out or hypersensitivity and the simplest things would make him cry.  He has been diagnosed by two of the biggest and best known hospitals for children (2 separate occassions) with the 0.001% extreme ADHD and let me tell you Focalin has been a God sent.  He is 10 now, on Focalin xr 25mg, his grades are up, left and right compliments from teachers that usually had complaints, no reported behavioural issues yet. Only small downside is appetite suppression. Big healthy meal before the med, small high cal snacks after school and dinner, big healthy dinner and you're set. While on meds can't even tell he has ADHD!"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My 10 year old daughter had her doctors appointment on Friday. She started Focalin 5mg on Saturday. Last might, Sunday, she was complaining of stomach pains. And again before school this morning. I gave her some tums and cereal, and I'm hoping for the best. The doctor said that the stomach pains will subside in about a week. She's not really "zombied", but it seems as though there's a lot less talking. She's not ADHD, just ADD. I am worrying very much. I hope that the Focalin equals out in her system soon."
Review of Wellbutrin: "I have always had this feeling of being scattered, very much able to project manage, etc. but it took considerable amounts of "mental energy" as compared to others and every thought had an emotional connection to it. Well, I started Wellbutrin 300 mg instant release (best in my opinion) 4 per day. From the very first day, I felt this "swooooosh" slow down within my mind and could smell better, colors were amazingly bright and I was laughing and smiling again. I was not depressed previous to taking Wellbutrin as I knew I had dopamine (reward/pleasure center) issues. Take BRAND only - it is AMAZING - I feel like a child again! WOW!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "I'm a 43 y.o. female diagnosed with ADD or ADHD at the age of 30-it's actually the inattentive type if you want to be specific. I kind of knew I had it most of my life because my bro and father had it.  was prescribed ritalin-had energy....but increased my anxiety & insomnia (1-2 yrs)  . Only lasted 4-6 hours but racing thoughts & heart palps at night. Now at 43-I had to ask Dr. repeatedly to prescribe Stratterra-non stimu-helps tremendously w/ anxiety & I can focus somewhat better. Tired in the day but I can complete tasks faster-sleeping much better :) Bonus: I pee less during the day. Took about 1 mo to kick in- side effects: tingling and tiredness. Got used to it."
Review of Concerta: "Made me very itchy and gave me liver dysfunction, doctor says it was a very rare side affect"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have MDD, GAD, and ADHD. The worse trifecta in my opinion. The reason why is because when I start treating one disorder the others get worse. Well I had gotten my MDD and GAD in check and on to treat my ADHD so I was given a very low dose of Adderall XR (10mg). It was way too over stimulating for me. I had so much anxiety that I couldn't even focus which is what Adderall is supposed to help you do. So I switched over to 5mg Adderall XR and while my anxiety didn't shoot up like the last dosage it still was ineffective."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I am a 56 year old, 200lb Caucasian male who started on ADHD medicines back in 1995.  I've tried others, but dextroamphetamine has always worked the best.  The only side effects I have noticed over time are occasional grinding of teeth and insomnia if I take a dose too late in the afternoon. I think that over time it has changed the way I think, but it is hard to know exactly how and what to do to the normal effects of aging.  I am happy with the medication, and can recommend it as treatment for ADD /ADHD."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Gave me back my life"
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son is 8 and started taking this med 8 weeks ago. We took him off. He looked like he had black eyes from not sleeping and wouldn't eat.  He also developed tics and reported stomach and chest pain. He did okay on Ritalin. We switched him onto Concerta because of the once a day dose.  "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My experience was probably the worst I've had so far. I lost 20 lbs with 40mg of Vyvanse. I was a healthy 145 lbs, I am now 120lbs. I had horrible diarrhea, its was so bad. I was extremely faint and dizzy. I could go without sleeping and eating for almost days. I had terrible heart fluttering feelings. However it did work great for my ADHD and also for my depression and anxiety. But, of course, I struggled with malnutrition and have been struggling so much (still) with gaining the weight back. I then had taken 30mg, but then it was not enough. Finding the right medication is such a struggle.."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "30 years old, had ADD my whole life and never tried anything for it, except for an Adderall XR 30mg once for studying and an Adderall 30mg tab for studying as well (XR kept me focused and tab didn't work). I just ended my first 5.5 hour dexamphetamine high and highly recommend it! Things that normally bothered me, like sounds (I also have S4) or my kids misbehaving didn't bother me at all. The background emotions that would constantly distract me under stress were gone. I was focused, calm, felt a bit high/numb and thirsty. I must have drank a gallon of water and peed 4 times. It kicked in about 40 minutes after taking it and lasted about 5.5 hours. Gradual onset and gradual come-off. Got a lot of studying done and retained the info."
Review of Dexedrine: "My son is now 9. Since 4 years old we have tried every single (literally!) ADHD medication on the market and every single (literally!) medication was never without any serious side effects.  My sons specialist suggested Dexedrine as the very last alternative before trying antidepressants.  I was hopelessly optimistic, but this medication is truly a gift. I don't know how else to describe it other than being "smooth" and without it I don't know what we would do.  His specialist basically said this medicine is a more pure form of amphetamine than the other name brands on the market. If you have tried medicine after medicine....give this a try. It has saved my son and our family."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 50 y/o f just recently diagnosed with ADHD. My 32 y/o was diagnosed just 2 or 3 yrs ago. I have always been forgetful, impatient, unable to focus, misplaced items, etc. I went back to college 2 1/2 yrs ago and did excellent, but it was very hard even though I studied and knew the material it was the same in HS. I realized something was changing in my ability to learn and saw a doc on adults w/ADD & ADHD, realized it was hereditary, got tested and BAM. I've been on the initial 30 mg a day for a month. I feel sure doc will increase the dosage due to how long it lasts. But, It's GREAT, completely changed my life. I have a small decrease in appetite, must take it early to negate insomnia otherwise, awesome med."
Review of Adderall: "Works great for ADHD but tolerance builds very rapidly."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 33 years old, and my son is 7 years old and we both have ADD and ADHD respectively. His mom started him off with 20mg of Vyvanse and it seemed to help out his behavior and focus problems at school. The only thing is the poor kid is losing weight. I was curious about the side effects and wanted to see if it could help out with my focus. So I started taking Vyvanse as well. It has been okay. I like the fact that I can stay on task and not go from idea to idea and not stick to one thing, but there are major withdrawal symptoms and I tend to be a total space cadet if I don't take it."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I started on Ritalin for ADHD but I switched to Adderall, because the Ritalin made me extremely irritable. Adderall 20 mg allows me to concentrate, tune out distractions, and manage time efficiently. Negative side effects: suppressed appetite (positive for me!), SOMETIMES slightly irritable mood towards the end of the day, sleeplessness if I take it less than 12 hours before bedtime."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse has helped me immensely as my focus is much better and I have had no ill effects whatsoever. The loss of appetite effect has been very welcome with growing older (I am 46). I have struggled with a sedentary lifestyle and my weight kept increasing. Since taking Vyvanse I have lost 50lbs and that has helped my sleep apnea to the point that I feel much better in the morning and I am not at the same weight I was when I got married 17 years ago. I am 200 lbs 6'1" and have worked up from the initial 10Mg dosage to the max now at 70Mg. I have been on Vyvanse for about a year and a half."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I started taking adderral when I was first said to have ADHD in 6th grade it helped a lot with school but I was always serious and in a bad mood after school plus I didn't want to eat at all. Once I took focalin I noticed that it helped me in the same way just less side affects. I am 18 now and I use it once or twice a week to keep me motivated to get work done and it works miracles. I am twice as productive now even off focalin. I highly recommend to have a hearty meal when you take it and some sweets about 4 or 5 hours after it helps with the appetite loss side effect. I also figured out what I would eat while I'm on focalin. Ex. mac n cheese, fruit smoothies, taco bell."
Review of Ritalin: "Been on and off Ritalin for yrs.  The reg. version works well for me, but its effect was gone in under 3 hrs.  The extended release was useless - I metabolize it too quickly and was ODing on it after about an hr.   When I was working, it was great not wasting time getting distracted by crap: no retracing my steps to remember what I was looking for; no wondering why I had the telephone in my hand - was I calling or answering, etc?  But I didn't like driving under Ritalin - I was used to having my attention all over the place and being able to see EVERYTHING that was going on around me:  traffic slowing 5 blocks up; a wingnut weaving thru lanes 2 blocks behind.  I only took it while working or when I needed to focus.  Same thing now."
Review of Intuniv: "This medication had been a life changer.  Adding it to the Concerta helped with the emotional sensitivity,  fidgeting and focus.   No side effects other than a little sleepiness and that wore off after a couple weeks.We recently got the generic and it did not work nearly as well.  We had side effects from it,  but not the brand name."
Review of Vyvanse: "I let my son try this today for the first time.  He complained of having a sore throat, didn't eat hardly any of his lunch and then threw up in the car on the way home from school.  This is a 6 year old who's only 46 lbs.  We also had 2 instances today where he swears he saw something that wasn't there.  It's 11:30 at night and he is still up on a school  night.  I put him to bed 2 and a half hours ago.   This is my first experience with a stimulant for his ADHD.  No he won't be taking this again tomorrow.  After reading all the possible side effects and how common they are I'd rather have a kid bouncing off the walls all day than one who can't go to bed at night and may loose weight when he's already underweight.  Never again."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Just about totally useless. The only benefit I got from taking this specific manufacturers generic Adderall was that it kept me from feeling the "withdrawal". Other than that, nothing. I had no focus (which obviously I need help with focus or I wouldn't be on Adderall), I couldn't sit still (another reason why I'm on Adderall) and I was very shaky. I am so lost on how 2 generics for the same name brand drug can be so different; one having the same effects as the name brand and the other absolutely useless. I might as well be popping Tic-Tacs. From now on when I go to get my refill I request the generic from Teva. Those are spot on!"
Review of Vyvanse: "I started this pill at the beginning of the school year and it definitely helped me with school. At first I was and still am a considerably shy teen than my classmates. I don't know if it's the pill but I felt very socially detached but not as much now. Another thing is I used to be at least 13 pounds heavier but after taking this pill I've lost all my extra weight."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My experience with Concerta was unbelievable. I started getting hostile with everyone, banging things, flipping things, over throwing things. I had to have the police and EMT come take me to the hospital. "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 43 female ADHD, tried other medications, hated the up and down jittery feelings.  Started Vyvanse 30mg 6 months ago, moved to 70mg now. This medication has helped me achieve major improvements in my concentration & focus. Only downsides are dry mouth & it does not hold me through the 12 hour time stated. I get about 8 hrs. My daughters started Vyvanse 50. My 15yr olds grades are up & my 20 yr old said, If this is how normal people focus and think, I'm jealous. OVERALL A WONDERFUL HELP  :)"
Review of Strattera: "15 and diagnosed this year. I have been on it for 4 months (in conjunction with cipralex). Made a massive difference to my concentration levels and sustained energy, I had no idea it was possible to be this productive. Nausea was awful the first week (even threw up once) but faded quickly. I still need to eat alongside it to prevent nausea but since I take it at breakfast time its not a problem. only persistent side effect has been weight loss - abt 7 kgs in past 4 months - mostly due to appetite loss.I was on concerta (ritalin XR) beforehand and the side effects such as heart palpitations and insomnia were awful, also didn't help my adhd symptoms at all. I'd recommend strattera to people who've had bad results with stimulant adhd meds."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am a college student and found that for the first two months, Concerta worked wonders. It improved my mood, attention, and energy. It even helped with headaches. However, as I write this at 3 am, the side effect of sleep disruption has become unbearable. I either don't sleep for days or sleep for 20 hours a day for a week. Don't write it off, though. It is definitely effective and adjusting the dose may do the trick."
Review of Guanfacine: "My 7yr old son has ADHD and has been on medicines since 3.5 yrs old. Right now he's got two days left on his first week of 1mg Intuniv before we go up a dose. First few days he was tired a bit and all seemed to be improving on his defiance and irritation. We are on day 5 and at this point I'm anxious to get going on the 2mg dose as he seems to have simply gotten "used to" the 1mg dose.  Update....started the 2mg a few days ago and did not seem to have many issues.  A bit sluggish but nothing concerning.  School called today and he had THREE seizures.  My son has no medical issues other than ADHD.  Seizures are a very rare side effect of this medicine.  Intuniv is definitely NOT for my son.  Obviously."
Review of Dexedrine: "Dexedrine worked above and beyond for my ADHD symptoms, outstanding medication."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been slowly taking increasing doses of Vyvanse for recently diagnosed ADD.  I've been on this particular stimulant for probably 6 months.  I was increased from 50 to 60mg a week ago and am havging trouble w/ Insomnia, but will wait and see if it goes away.  This is life changing for me as for the first time I was actually fired from a job I had for 9 years right after finding out my work issues were largely do to ADD, even though I advised them of my condition and that I would be improving.  I am in a new job with an employer who is much more caring and I'm doing better now that I have found a medication to help me.  By far positives of this medication outweight the negatives."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I was diagnosed with depression/ anxiety after I failed several add medications due to severe constipation.  Recently, l learned about taking probiotics for constipation and tried Strattera again.  Wow, what a difference.  I am much more emotionally stable/focused than I have ever been.  Anxiety disappeared.  Depression is almost unnoticeable.  I'm on Pristiq 50mg for depression/anxiety and two days ago, I upped my dose of Strattera to 60mg.  I was at 40mg for 30 days and I was much more stable emotionally, better focused & functional.  So far, at 60mg, I'm fully focused and no longer feeling slightly tired.  Side effects wise, slow urination is almost gone.  Sexual side effects are moderate and dry mouth is slight. Give it time to work!!!"
Review of Adderall: "Very effective in treating ADHD."
Review of Adderall XR: "I'm 18 and have been taking Adderall XR 30mg for 10 years now. When I take it, I can focus on school work and my job and actually succeed. I like being able to do well in school and work but lately the side effects have seemed to intensify like crazy. I'd always experienced the loss of appetite but now the sweating, anxiety and depression are all starting to wreck havoc on my life. I'm not sociable at all when I'm on this medication. I feel like I'm more of a robot. And if I get distracted for a second and start something else, I will focus on that instead of getting my work done. I've tried other medications in the past but none do the job like Adderall. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "Work ok. Longer time to kick in but not a terrible crash. The yellow 20s work the best for me. I never knew what was wrong with me until I was diagnosed at 25(30 now). Overall they do the job"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I started with 20 mg and it was great but after 5h I felt that I lost effect of medicine. Doctor ordered 40 mg instead and I felt depressed. Instead i'm taking 20 mg elvanse   10/15 mg adderal. I have to say that this medicine is the best ever. Side effects are dry mouth and sleep problems and tired when medicine goes away from the body. If you don't eat and drink water you gonna feel bad, remember that. I recommend to take magnesium if you feel tension in your body  and vitamine c before you going to sleep ( it makes that medicine goes away faster from your body).This medicine makes me focused, i do things properly done, likes to talk with other people and I feel so.. quite in my head. Before  tried ritalin and concerta, worst meds."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Been on Vyvanse for 3 years, Adderral XL, & Adderral for another 3 years with limited success. I take a lot of other medications for mania & am always tired in addition to lacking focus...for the first time in years I can watch a movie, read a book, make it through multitasking a workday. Maybe this is what normal is meant to feel like--a world without yawns and easy distractions?  Have I truly found a way to make it through a two hour movie? I think a new chapter in my life just opened..."
Review of Methylphenidate: "This is the best medicine my son has ever been on. He has done great in school. A's and B's all year."
Review of Wellbutrin: "I have ADHD as well as epilepsy. I have taken just about everything for ADHD, and with my siezure history I have no clue as to why this was prescribed to me. (Actually it was new, I got samples.) Mildly stimulating, but in the wrong part of the brain for ADHD. I had seizures and got off it when I found out it caused seizures in people who aren't epileptic."
Review of Vyvanse: "Worked great for a couple of months when I first started. I've had ADD my entire life and have never felt clear minded for focus. At first when I started vyvanse I had no side effects, after a couple months of being on it my grades were up in school but I started getting tons of side effects from it. The most notable was the social anxiety from it and having a hard time talking to people. When I first got put on this drug I was able to hold conversations with everyone but then it made me super shy and introverted... So fast forward another 3 years I was still taking this drug and actually addicted to it. Everyday no matter the circumstances I would take anywhere from 30-90mg per day. Stay away from this medication if you are easily addicted"
Review of Concerta: "I've been taking Concerta for the past 14 years since it came out (24 now) and I don't plan on changing unless I'm forced. I've tried other medications and none work as well with as few side effects. Right now I take the 54mg. Sure I experience some side effects, but I've learned to manage them over the years (force myself to eat etc). The treatment of ADD/ADHD is only effective through a multifaceted approach, medication AND counseling/therapy/behavior coaching. Without Concerta I would never have made it through school or had successful relationships. ADD makes life hard, but with the right combination of treatments it is more than manageable."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have been using Strattera for about 10 months and had great success for the first 9.  I felt great, very focused and able to get things done, and had no negative side effects except for a little bit of dry mouth for the first couple of weeks.  About a month ago I experienced a bout of depression until my doctor switched my prescription from 1 80mg pill a day to 2 40mg pills each day (once in the morning and once in the evening).  After the switch, I was back to feeling great until last week when I had another bout of depression.  This morning I took 5mg of Ritalin and snapped right out of my depressed mood.  My doctor has suggested stopping Strattera and using Ritalin instead to try to determine if Strattera is the cause."
Review of Ritalin: "I have mixed feelings on Ritalin I am 16 years old Diagnosed with Aspergers syndrome and ADD. I started taking 20mg in the morning, After about 10 minutes I would start feeling it, i felt full of energy and moderately euphoric. I don't know if this is a "Normal" reaction but it would make me feel almost manic like. But all in all the effects were  helpful! When I would usually just sit on my computer the Ritalin somehow made work enjoyable. I hated math but when on Ritalin and in school it was interesting even fun! it made everything feel positive and perfect. The reason I don't give it a 10 is because it only lasts for 3-4 hours. The comedown from this drug is quite terrible. And it gave me some annoying tics."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I would rather not take any medicine at all than take this med. it made me feel awful. Achy all over, headache, blurred vision, no energy. Numbness in hands and feet. I wouldn't recommend it. It didn't help me focus or stay awake. In fact I just wanted to lay down it made my head hurt so bad."
Review of Concerta: "After a diagnosis of ADHD, ODD and RAD the psychiatrist prescribed Concerta. So far after 1 week of use, the hyperactivity, aggression, and zoning out has either stopped or come to minimal.  The side affects seem to be weight gain and loss of appetite."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son, 12, is on 20 mg of Vyvanse.  He is ADHD and has reacted poorly to most of the other stimulants we tried.  The 30 mg caused him to have side effects of stomach pains and emotional irritability and rebound problems.  By switching him to 20 mg he is able to maintain his junior high honors classes and be functionable and focused. By going down to the 20 mg he is able to have a personality and yet not be flicking and annoying people.  Without the medicine he was unable to stay seated at the piano to practice and now he is proficient and can practice on his own without me telling him to sit down every 3 minutes.  It has also been a tremendous self esteem boost."
Review of Quillivant XR: "This is the first and only medication we've given to my 6yo son since being diagnosed with adhd in January 2016. It works very well. We give him his dose at 6:30am during the school year and the teacher notices it wearing off by about 2pm. The only noticeable side affects were a slight decrease in appetite the first few weeks, and slightly more difficulty when settling down for bed at night.  We no longer have either issue.  It is pricy. We pay $$65/month with our insurance plan. We live in PA and have to pick up the prescription from the doctor's office each month. We've also had an issue occasionally when our pharmacy does not have quillivant in stock. When this happened we had to drive to several pharmacies to find one who had it."
Review of Daytrana: "This patch was not very useful to me. All it did was irritate my skin and cause a huge loss in appetite. While on this, however, I lost no weight. "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son has been on this medication since September. I have taken him off. I didn't even recognize him his emotions were so high and the anger and aggression was unbelievable!"
Review of Vyvanse: "I have ADD not ADHD.. I'm not hyper.. But, my grades were so low I barley had a chance of passing my sophomore year, but I noticed I had such a hard time concentrating all these years and always just tried forcing myself to concentrate but it never really did work.. So we went and got tested and I had a lot of tests done on me and my brain, actually.. And the hypothalamus in my brain was not working correctly and was not sending many signals to my nervous system.. And that was the cause of ADD.. My doctor then prescribed my Vyvanse and the first day I was on it I was overly concentrated and very mixed up... My eyes felt huge and I felt like I was tripping to be honest.. But after I got used to it I got 80s and 90s in my classes and passed:)"
Review of Intuniv: "My 9 year old son has been taking Intuniv for about a year now and has greatly improved his behavior, mood, impulse control and more. Both myself and his dad suffer from ADHD as well but need Adderall to manage. I was so happy to see a non-stimulant medicine work so well. The only problem we've had is excessive weight gain (excess of 30 lbs in 1 year). To the point its very worrisome. Appointment is set to switch to something new."
Review of Modafinil: "I take Modafinil / Provigil for head injury related problems. I've tried Ritalin it didn't work well. Provigil is excellent, no side effects or problems. Perfect."
Review of Bupropion: "If only I had this as a teenager and young adult. No telling where I might be by now. At 50, this has changed so much for me. I'm focused, I've begun organizing and cleaning my home. I'm taking care of myself more. I have a more positive attitude and less anger. There's still a long way to go, but this could change my later years for the better."
Review of Adderall XR: "Honestly taking adderall has help me very much. I no longer fight with others and I'm not overly sensitive anymore. Ever since I have been taking it my grades have gone up. Just a month I went from failing everything to passing all my classes. For me I don't have any negative side effects except one. When I drive alone at night sometimes I think I see something on my passenger floor move and it freaks me out immensely, but thats rare. Overall I my symptoms leave and go."
Review of Strattera: "Caffeine worked better for my ADHD symptoms than Strattera did."
Review of Strattera: "For me this drug causede headaches everyday, nausea and gagging, and dry mouth all the time. I noticed a change in personality - easily agitated, I was "distant" and lost my "affectionate side". My doctor made me come off it slowly before I started Concerta. Coming off it is just as bad."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Summary: effective treatment of ADHD, awful if you have anxiety or BED/anorexiaThis was the first drug I took for ADHD. It was extremely effective. I was able to get all my work done in my classes with time management I had never had before. However, the side effects can be extreme. It made me extremely self conscious. I would apologize after virtually every sentence in a conversation because I was so scared something I did/said would be perceived as rude. I became obsessed with my skin and weight, developed severe dermatillomania and I lost about 35 poundsVyvanse crash is awful. In the middle of the day as it would wear off I would suddenly become extremely agitated, snapping at people over something as small as the sound of their voice"
Review of Methylphenidate: "This medicine has me really confused.  My 7 yr old has ADHD and usually has really good control on meds.  Concerta always worked really well, but we couldn't go any higher on the dose.  Everything else wares off before he is home from school .  We tried the Daytrana to see if he would have some control through the bus ride home.  The confusing part is, it's helping a lot with the hyperactivity, but not at all with focus.  He's actually always done well in school, but now his teacher says he just wanders around the classroom.  Any one else ever had this experience?"
Review of Dexedrine: "I have been taking dexedrine for about seven days now and it has definitely helped with my chronic feelings of anxiety - that painful feeling in your chest. This in turn has allowed me to better concentrate on the daily issues at hand then constantly having that feeling of flight or flight regarding any number of daily life issues.Thus far very helpful and I hope to continue down this path - I wish I had tried this drug years ago."
Review of Concerta: "I had a great experience with this medication.  I had to go off all medication for a while but will ask for this again when I can resume. My doctor gave me Concerta and I didn't think it was doing anything.  I felt calmer, the way you feel after a well rested vacation, but that was all the difference I felt. THEN my co-workers started complimenting me on my work more, saying I was doing much better (They were the ones that suggested I get tested for ADHD)."
Review of Clonidine: "I have been struggling to keep my classroom intact while managing the behavior of one child in particular. Day 2 on Clonidine. Mom didn't tell me yesterday. Like a different child. Thought I'd google it to see if it could be that immediate. Medicines should be the last resort, but definitely have a place."
Review of Dexedrine: "Calmed my racing  thoughts a lot.  Downside is the days I don't take them I feel mentally groggy"
Review of Amphetamine: "I have taken Adderall 30 mg XR for a little over a year along with a 10 mg boost needed after lunch to get my attention and motivation going. Since it only helps a little to calm my thoughts down and only jump from starting 3 tasks instead of 5 and slowed my thoughts down a little bit the Dr thought to try this new medication Adzenys XR 15.7 mg. Started it 6 days ago and it does nothing for me. I have zero motivation to many thoughts are swimming around. also have a constant headache for the majority of the morning and dull one later and then a crash at midday. at least with Adderall my motivation was great, I thought about a few things at the same time instead of being bombarded and no crash."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been taking this medicine for my ADHD and in the first couple of days I have lost five pounds. I don't know if this is normal and I am trying to find that out. I also have stomach aches all day long with loss of appetite. I'll get lightheaded some times. But it does help me concentrate on what I am doing and say focused."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I developed severe shoulder pain in both shoulders after about 5 days. The doctor assured me it wasn't the Vyvanse. Well after 2 weeks of severe pain I thought I'd do my own google search and found plenty of people complaining about vyvanse causing joint pain. I stopped taking vyvanse as soon as I read these forums where people described their joint pain. After 3 days 80% of the pain was gone and it took about a month before 95% was gone. My left shoulder now 'clicks' and often I wake up and my left shoulder is in a position where it's very painful. I wish the doctor would go over all side effects when then prescribe medication so you know when something starts to happen that it is the medication."
Review of Adderall: "I take the XR, and it allows me to focus throughout the day at work and in classes. I can actually sit down and complete a task, I can get something done (for once), and the only side effects I really experienced were a bit of dry mouth at first and some continued loss of appetite. Otherwise, completely effective. Unfortunately, my insurance company only covers the brand name. Otherwise, it would be much, much cheaper. It's the brunt of my monthly prescription costs."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 20 year old male. I have taken  Vyvanse to help me focus better on my tasks and also to improve my concentration. Vyvanse is a wonderful medication with very little negative side effects. "
Review of Intuniv: "I'm 22 year old female. I was on Vyvanse 60mg, but side effects were getting bad. Switched to Invuniv, only made it through 2 weeks of it. It made me very sleepy, sluggish, and cranky (could have been withdrawals of the Vyvanse). I could not wait for it to kick in for another 2 weeks as recommended. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "It has literally made me who I am. If I didn't take it I wouldn't focus, I wouldn't pass school. It helps a lot."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I am 20 years old and I've been taking focalin for a year now. I have been on every ADHD medication under the sun since I was in second grade and this is the only  medication that helped me get on track right away. The only adverse side effects I experience are a faster heart rate (most ADHD meds do that) and trouble sleeping. If you are having trouble sleeping on this drug here's what you do and here's what I did: prior to now, I was taking my medication at 11am or 10am. Often I would spend nights awake and panicky just begging for sleep to come. This is a simple fix. Just wake yourself up at like 6am every day to take it and you shouldn't have any problem sleeping. That's what I did and I sleep very soundly."
Review of Methylphenidate: "34 years old diagnosed back in Oct 14 started meds at 18mg fine 1st day then no real benefit after that  I hoped the increase would help did for a while. Now on 54mg and I'm not in a great place and emotionally feel low  and feel desperate. My relationship has broken down I'm hoping tomorrow I can change meds"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I first took Vyvanse about a year ago, was up to 50mg a day. I found it extremely helpful, but by late afternoon I was angry at everything and everyone. I decided to stop. I then tried a few other medicines (Strattera and Concerta). Strattera didn't really work as well as a stimulant and had very negative effects on my sex life, and Concerta didn't really work at all. I was ready to give up, but decided to give Vyvanse another try. This time I lowered the does to 30mg, and only took it during the work week. WOW - it made a huge difference. I'm not seeing the same side effects that I did first time. So it is clear to me that I was over medicating. Anyways, just thought I would share."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Do not take Adderall if high blood pressure runs in your family. Be especially careful not to take it if you have high blood pressure already. I had normal blood pressure until I started taking Adderall. Ever since, my blood pressure has been at least 130/80, and I have measured it at 162/88 while on the drug. I am a 20 year old male, and my dad has hypertension, which is where this incredible susceptibility comes from. I stopped taking it but I still have high readings, which only started when I began taking Adderall. Do yourself a big favor and harangue your doctors about Adderall if you or your family has a history of high blood pressure. You don't want to end up on BP meds."
Review of Strattera: "I've been on Strattera for a month and am currently taking 60mg a day for ADHD and anxiety. I'm also taking Lexapro and Buspar. So far, I've experienced no side effects and this has been almost a miracle. My anxiety is almost gone, I am able to think more clearly and concentrate on work and other obligations. I'm much less impulsive than before taking Strattera and I tend to think things through before acting. My only complaint is the cost. My insurance doesn't cover my medicine."
Review of Vyvanse: "I was on this med for a little over a week. Right off it made me feel great everything was good. And I really liked it and I was happy I found something that worked. But after a week it started to make me really really  hungry I could not get rid of the hunger. So I had to stop taking it. I have a hard time to find a med. that works. I had the genetic tests done and there is a lot of meds I can't take. So it is hard to find one that works. I have ADHD and there is not much meds I can take. Vyvanse was a  question but it worked well just made me hungry. I wished it did not make me hungry. Now I hope my Doctor puts me on another ADHD med."
Review of Strattera: "Did nothing for my ADHD. Made me aggressive and easily angered, complete change of personality for the worse."
Review of Daytrana: "We had tried the patch when our son was 5 1/2 yrs old.  We have tried many stimulant medications which do not last the amount of time it states it should so we tried Daytrana.  This was not for us.  My son was out of control, increased aggression, impulsivity, and couldn't sit still to save his life.  My son does deal with other mental Health disorders such as SPD, ODD, ADHD, GAD, and a mood disorder.  We are currently on Focalin XR 15mg in the morning and 10Mg XR about 12pm.  Focalin has been the best we found but still I think causes his other diagnosis to shine through a bit more."
Review of Strattera: "I have been on Strattera for 5 weeks now. I'm 48 years old and have been treated for bipolar and anxiety  disorders from the age 19, have tried dozens of med combinations and have been hospitalized a few times when unable to cope. This last time a therapist suggested it may be ADHD and doctor put me on 40mg... its a night and day difference. I have never in my life had this kind of clarity and focus and other then dry mouth and a bit of a lost appetite side effect which is much better then past combinations."
Review of Intuniv: "The best medicine for my child.  Insurance will no longer pay for it so it costs $374.00 for 30 pills.Sadly, we cannot afford this, so my child is going to have to suffer.  Life is going to be very hard.  The drug companies and their price gouging need to be investigated."
Review of Ritalin LA: "I take Ritalin for ADD. I have found that Ritalin LA offers all of the concentration with none of the nasty side-effects of the SR form of the pill. The only downside is if your dose is too high that it doesn't wear off as quickly. Makes for a jittery day. Start low and move up."
Review of Daytrana: "My 8 year old son has ADHD with an anxiety disorder.  We started on Ritalin IR when he was 7 and it was great at first but his body started metabolizing them quickly.  We increased the dose and then he just became more irritable.  We tried adderall next which was awful for him.  His doctor wanted to either try Concerta or daytrana.  I asked if we could try daytrana because I had read good reviews.  This is the absolute best med we have tried.  He has been on the lowest 10 mg patch for over a year.  We put him on a prescription called Vayarin over the summer which is a natural omega 3 phosphatidylserine supplement that fixed the anxiety.  He has no issues and is like the other kids now.  Thankful for both meds that helped him!"
Review of Concerta: "I'm 18 years old and have been on 18mg of Concerta for just under a year now. In the beginning I loved it - was able to focus and was very productive with everything. Positives: my grades and work ethic excelled, accomplished a lot, confidence raised. But, it may have just been me, but after being on Concerta I became very antisocial (the complete opposite of myself) and basically got lost in my head. I also suffer from depression and severe seasonal effective disorder and my first winter taking the Concerta was a horrible experience. The important thing to remember with this medicine is that it is not what is making you "smarter" or more accomplished, it is merely helping you to do these things without your ADHD holding you back."
Review of Amphetamine: "Evekeo made me feel like I had the flu. I felt like I had stayed up until 5am drinking tequila. I had had no alcohol at all. My muscles ached, I was exhausted, I felt like I was going to puke, and I could barely move. I went back to Vyvanse after 2 days. It ends too early for me, but doesn't make me miserable."
Review of Concerta: "I am 15 years old and was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 6. I feel Concerta is like a mental steroid. I focus 50% more and understand the things I'm taught better. Honestly, I really do not like Concerta. I have muscle twitches, nervousness, agitation, a complete lose of appetite, (which gets to the point where I almost pass out due to suppressed hunger pains) tiredness, mellowness, confusion, mood swings quite frequently, irritation of the eyes which is one of the things I absolutely hate, and more. I am not autistic but sometimes I feel like I am during school. My social life is completely impaired. When I take Concerta I am a very dull person. I am constantly paranoid, always worried about what others think of me."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "It works really well. Only thing I am afraid of is the rapid tolerance I read everywhere."
Review of Vyvanse: "I was diagnosed with ADHD, this year, at age 20 as a Sophomore in college.  Vyvanse is the first and only medication I have ever taken to treat my ADHD. Pre Vyvanse, I had a cumulative 3.5 gpa in my first two semesters of college.  Post Vyvanse after 1 semester of taking it, I got a 3.62 GPA. While my GPA didn't increase tremendously, I did notice that I could pay attention in class a lot better and that I was learning a lot more. On Vyvanse, I can easily put 12 hours in the library if needed and be way more organized. I recently obtained an internship for Xmas break, and I wouldn't be able to work 60+ hours behind a desk per week without it. Vyvanse has made a difference in my life."
Review of Concerta: "It helps me stay focused. All the other ADHD medicines they tried me on did not help, only made me have horrible mood swings."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall has been hugely beneficial in allowing me to function with improved mental acuity, and I am able to take a relatively low dose to achieve these desired treatment effects."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My son started Focalin 5mg when he was first diagnosed with ADHD. He was six at that time. While he did seem to be a bit more focused, the mood swings were VERY significant. He became volatile, reacting with violent outbursts and temper tantrums at the slightest provocation. After a while, his attention span declined, but his mood swings did not. His teacher noted that, even on medication, he was still having problems staying focused and on task. Upping the dosage would only have made his withdrawal worse, according to his pediatrician. I have known other children on Focalin who have had similar experiences with the medication. After six months (giving his body time to "adjust" to the medication) we took him off. Trying Concerta."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I truly wanted to love Vyvanse. I have struggled with securing a stimulant prescription ever since I was diagnosed with inattentive type ADHD. I've read everything out there on Vyvanse and was so excited when my new doctor prescribed it for me. Also, I'm so used to waiting for drugs to start working (SSRIs mainly) that I kept waiting to write this review. What it's come down to is this: I really just don't know if Vyvanse works for me. I haven't noticed any significant changes at all. The things I have noticed are small and very possibly coincidental. I am currently taking 20mg, which I know is a relatively low dose, so I tried taking 40mg one day and felt like I wanted to die (nausea, anxiety, etc)."
Review of Daytrana: "Daytrana made me manic, paranoid, and eventually psychotic. I had no difficulty stopping using it--no cravings. After I was off it I had withdrawal symptoms the likes of which I cannot describe; simply sheer misery and dread, almost total insomnia. It last 1.5 years."
Review of Focalin XR: "Let me explain what can go wrong here and what you may want to speak with your Dr about. Focalin XRs effect is much , much, much stronger than Concerta or Ritalin. This is very important to understand, so if you are thinking of switching to Focalin XR from another medication do not go to a similar strength. I was on Concerta 54mg and went to  Focalin XR 40mg. This was a scary experience I got dizzy almost passed out and couldn't tell you what 1 1 was. It was horrible  to say the least. I discontinued the Focalin and tried Adderal. That made me grumpy and sick. I did research and found out about Focalins potency. I am now on Focalin XR 15mg and doing awesome."
Review of Focalin XR: "We started our 10 year old daughter on this medication last year and had terrific results. She doesn't have any behavioral issues at school and never had but did by the time she got home, was so worn out from trying to focus and be good that she was having emotional break downs. We started last year on 5 and after 8 months 10. She is saying she doesn't notice a difference between taking in and not recently so increase to 15. She has been emotional again somedays, but not sure whether that is because she is an 11 year old girl, medication related, or not enough medicine. She has had a problem falling asleep since she was born and last year seemed better after being on medicines, but has come back this year.  We give her melatonin occasionally."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall really helps me focus and stay on task. I used to start projects before I took Adderall and I always got side tracked and not be able to finish what I've started. Now that I take Adderall I complete tasks and I'm able to stay focused throughout the whole project. Also I complete what I've started! Thank you Adderall, you really helped me out!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Overall- I'd say that Adderall XR is better than Adderall IR. Sometimes I feel faint on Adderall XR. I can't take it every day because I get too tired. I have weird side effects with medications. I usually get all of the side effects when I take medications. I also have depression too. Hopefully, Dexedrine will work."
Review of Dexedrine: "I'm taking pharmacy technician courses right now and I don't know how I could do it without Dexedrine. The course is compressed and there is a tonne of information to take in a short time. I can often tell if I've missed a dose, or it's near time for my noon dose, because I will just plain zone out.Docs tried me on Wellbutrin and Concerta, and those did nothing, so Dexedrine seems the way to go! Really depends on the individual though."
Review of Adderall: "My experience with adderall, for one it makes me poop like crazy, I'm super thirsty (dry mouth) and it KILLS my appetite. I don't eat for hours and I didn't have a desire to. But while I was at work I was on top of everything, as far proofreading, catching errors, it does make you focus and more alert. I was multi tasking and the fact that i didn't feel overwhelmed, was a plus."
Review of Concerta: "My son is now 13, and has been using Concerta the past 2 years. Was working great, went from doing homework until 12-1:00 am to finished before I got home from work.  Concentrated more and was overall happier with himself and his achievements. Around November he had started having trouble sleeping and eating and was acting different. I guess since he turned 13 and puberty is starting to set in it wasn't working for him anymore so we are changing medications. I do recommend this medicine though, while it worked, it was great."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall XR has been amazing for me. I was diagnosed with ADHD at age 5, and was on and off of stimulants since original diagnosis. As a kid I would go through bouts of taking it and bouts of pretending to take it. I tried to be unmedicated as an adult, but that only produced anxiety, likely due to my naturally occurring rapid thought processing and tendency to fail to complete projects (distracted by new thoughts). My quality of life is significantly better when I take Adderall and I see no shame to be had in that. I experience dry mouth fairly often, but overall it is amazing and totally worth it. I am however nervous about facing pregnancy without it, as well as breast feeding. This medicine really makes a difference in my life."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son has been on this patch for a year.  We started at 10mg, and are moving to 15 mg now.  It has (by far) been the best ADHD medicine we've tried. We have had pretty minimal skin irritation issues overall.  Sometimes the backing of the patch is hard to peel, but 15 seconds in the freezer solves that problem.  By far our favorite ADHD medicine."
Review of Atomoxetine: "36 year old female with ADHD, Depression, Fibromialgia, Severe Menopausal hot flashes, and Panic Attacks: total hysterectomy at 29.  Strattera #22 or so on my list of Antidepressants, Nerve Pills, Sleeping Pills, Hormones, Herbal supplements, etc.  The Gyno got with the Psychiatrist and weeded out tons of things that I'm severely allergic to and came to the Strattera (no red dye, sulfa, codeine,..).  It eliminated hot flashes entirely, I lost 50 pounds, I focus better.  All else I just have to deal with.  It makes me severely nauseated and gives me a migraine every day and makes my heart beat irregularly pretty often and I can't eat after it at all, but I am up living, working, playing with my grandchildren, NOT sleeping and crying."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "This medication has increased my school performance greatly! I have experienced the weight loss and lower libido ALOT. But overall it's really great. I needed to lose weight anyway..."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am a 20 year old female and have been taking Concerta on and off for five years. I was diagnosed with ADHD during my freshman year of high school. Concerta has worked wonders for me. I started high school getting Ds and Fs and left with As and Bs. I would stop taking it every so often after lowering my dosage to see if I could manage without it but I would almost immediately lose my organization and more importantly my motivation. I did experience some side effects, including appetite loss and insomnia. These were easily cured by a dose modification. I am now the proud manager of a successful business."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 3 1/2 year old son has taken Ritalin,Strattera,and Focalin. By far Vyvnase has been the best. My only complaint is  about an hour after taking it and thru to the 3rd hour he is a bit "slow," however,  over all he is like having a completely different child, positively speaking of course."
Review of Vyvanse: "This medication definitely has its pros and cons. And being a prescribed patient to adderall/vyvance on and off for over 10 years, my strongest advice would be to take it AS NEEDED.  After about 6 months I noticed horrible effects from this medication. Insecurity, anti social, over analyzing EVERYTHING. I found that I was worse than I was on my own without the medication. I got weird and felt almost an out of body experience, but before the 6 month period I felt great."
Review of Adderall XR: "Ughh I'm so depressed reading the positive reviews (I'm a bit envious I guess) but I take the adderal XR for ADHD and it would work for me for only an hour and that's it after that I would be a zombie. So tired, no motivation. Bed ridden to be honest. I'm devastated it works for so many people. I had such high hopes. Back to the scratch board again. I didn't want to believe it was the medicine because of all the positivity but it definitely is. Quite depressed."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have identical twin boys that are eight years old. They were both diagnosed with ADHD at a young age. At first we did everything possible to avoid medicines. After 1 year we started with adderall the extended and immediate release, 2 pills a day and were impressed. It's effectiveness was noticeable once the medicine wore off (moodiness, short temper,and rebound hyperactivity). After 2 years we were introduced to Vyvanse and it is great. They only take one pill daily and it lasts 11-12 hours without the rebound side effects. The only problem is eating they don't have much of an appetite throughout the day."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am a pediatric nurse and a mother of a child with ADHD.  The nurse in me hated the thought of medicating my son with anything yet the mom in me knew something needed to be done. My son went on Concerta at age 6. He takes 36 mg and today is 12 and still on the same dosage. It has helped him in so many ways...grades, focusing, decrease aggressive behavior, and friendships just to name a few. Though I was resistant this was the best choice for my child. It's been 6 years and he is great. It does decrease his appetite during the day time but he does catch up in the evening with calories. I highly recommend a daily Carnation shake with whole milk or a multivitamin if your pediatrician agrees, to prevent missing any nutrients. Good luck to you all."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Hello I'm 42 years old. I always had trouble in school I quit at the end of ninth grade. Always had problems at work people always saw me as different. Never stayed at them for 2 years. I had also tried to go back to school and took GED test twice never passed the whole thing. Then I started a new job. I loved the work but my boss called me in to a room to talk to me. Said I was too passive. I fell apart could no longer do anything. My husband took me to my doctor. He tried different things, they did not work so then he put me on Adderall 20mg a day. He also put me on Zoloft 100mg at bedtime and he put me on Xanax. Saw improvement first day. Have been on them now since January 13th and I'm getting better every week. I love it."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 7 year old son was on this for a few months. It wasn't until summer and he was in my care full time when I started to notice his strange characteristics. He became more of a loner, didn't talk much with anyone, and started staring off with a fearful look. At my mothers I noticed he was staring into the bushes, rocking back and forth while standing. I asked him what he was doing and he told me he was seeing eyes in the bushes and they were all staring back at him. Well I immediately called his pediatrician and had him taken off that day. We started seeing improvements by the next couple of days. He became more social, wanted to actually get of the house and was my boy again."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm 18 years old and have been prescribed 74mg of concerta a day. 3 pills in the morning and one in the afternoon if needed. I had been diagnosed with serve ADHD and this drug has changed the way I learn and study dramatically. It's amazing how confident andfocused I am now. I always feel so good on it too, until I'm starving to death. Concerta absolutely kills your appetite. Sad part is I can not even force myself to eat and it has already taken a tole on my weight. I have always been insecure with my body so it is nice losing the extra pounds, however I don't enjoy talking to anyoneat school anymore. Even though I feel good all during the school day, I am quiet and hungry."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "My 10 y/o daughter used this medication for several months. Was not as effective as a previous medication (Vyvanse). Did not last that long (effect wore off mid day) and caused her to have an increased heart rate daily. In addition, her entire mood changed. She became uninterested in even her favorite things, almost like a depression, and she also became extremely moody. Very irritable and easily aggitated and upset."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Dexedrine was good for me."
Review of Clonidine: "My 14 year old son has ADHD. He was diagnosed 8 years ago. He was prescribed Vyvanse in May 2008.  It wasn't working. He gained weight and inches. He couldn't sleep. He became aggressive and lazy. His heart began to race and his old tics returned. We were referred to a psychologist. He prescribed clonidine. His failing grades went to A's.  It controlled his moods, calmed his heart, and the tics disappeared. Also he sleeps well now.  We are thrilled. He is also more organized."
Review of Methamphetamine: "This medication is by FAR the most effective one I have ever tried to relieve my ADD/ADHD/Narcolepsy/& Obesity issues.  This medicine certainly causes less anxiety than phentermine AND other amphetamines.  Sadly, people are ignorant and choose to attack a very safe and effective medicine that probably saves many lives. Desoxyn is the only sure-fire medicine to aid in treating attention deficit and fatigue!  At doses of 30mg-60mg a day, the medication is effective.  Don't think that 1- tablet is going to help - the effective CLINICAL dose is in the 20mg range-70mg. "
Review of Dyanavel XR: "Now my 10 years old son is on 5.5mg liquid of Dyanavel xr and it last 5 hours."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I was started on Strattera almost 3 years ago.  Before taking this medication I was constantly on rabbit trails couldn't finish a project and trying to do 3 or 4 things at the same time, which I wasn't doing very well.  I've probably been ADHD all my life but was not diagnosed until I was 50.  I have gone back to school and work as an inpatient crisis stabilization nurse.  I should be the poster child for this medication because it has been a miracle for me.  I take 100 mg of the medication a day.  The only thing I can complain about is the medication wears off sometimes before I get off of work. This probably could be fixed with a simple medication time and dosage change."
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvanse has worked great for me. Before I started taking the medication I was like a walking zombie. I was zoned out about 90% of the day. Since I have started Vyvanse I can tell a huge difference and so can my family and friends. They say that I am more talkative and a great listener now and that I also seem much happier. The only downfall of this medication is some of the side effects, as in loss of appetite and sometimes I get headaches. I think I can deal with the side effects."
Review of Focalin: "My 8 yr old has been on the meds for 3 days now.  His teachers say he's doing great at school and he's a lot more focused and less compulsive. BUT... He complains of being tired the entire time, stomach pains, headaches.  I give him the medicine at 7:00 a.m.  By 4:00 its starting to wear off and he seems to be coming off a high. At moments hes pure goofy almost to the point I say psychotic moments.  He also talks to himself a lot. I don't know if I should give it a week or 2 to get in his system or stop it.  I understand he needs better focus and less compulsive moments at school but I love him more than to harm him with medicines. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "My daughter has A.D.D. so we tried Concerta. At first it was fine I thought there was hope for my daughter but after two months my daughter started to get angry and really bad mood swings Super emotional. She told me when shes at school she wanted to to scream and yell. She wanted to throw things. SHE didn't. MY daughter is very quiet and shy and keeps to her self, I am so happy I took her off of it. "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was on Vyvanse 50 mg for Bulimia, it stopped the binge eating however I could never fall asleep not even with a sleeping pill and I always felt so very depressed in the late afternoon, my doctor told me about Mydayis , I switched to Mydayis 25mg which works even better!!!  I get a good nights sleep without a sleeping pill. The only side effect is dry mouth and an occasional headache If I wait too late to take it. Its always best to take it early in the morning, I take mine at 6 am, I still have remained free from any binge eating episodes. Thankful for this medication!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Things to be mindful of: Can cause extreme anorexia-be careful if you are struggling with anorexia or bulimia nervosa; Helps reduce binge eating greatly- good for binge eating disorder and bulimia when the person is trying to correct bingeing and not abusing the drug as a way of losing weight; Can cause depression, suicidal ideations, and tiredness- Usually is a result of taking a dose that is too high and the symptoms usually occur once the meds start to wear off; Can cause severe anxiety- taking Vyvanse at a dose that is too high can cause severe anxiety, this can usually be resolved by lowering the dose.Some of these things can be resolved by adjusting the dosage but sometimes a specific medication doesn't work well with your body."
Review of Methylphenidate: "IT MAKES ME DEPRESSED. Yes it helps me focus, and it helps me with my school work, but when I am on Concerta I am 100% emotionless and it is the worst feeling I have ever experienced. Constant depression until it wears off later in the night time."
Review of Methylphenidate: "When I was about 13 the school psychologist who I was seeing for behavior problems suggested to my mother that I start taking Ritalin. I was hyperactive, could not focus, blurted things out, and was generally viewed as a weirdo by my peers. My mother refused to follow the psychologists advice because she "didn't want me on medicines". The same diagnosis and suggested treatment followed the next year and the year after by the Psychiatrist who I was referred to.Eventually I dropped out of school, somehow managed to get my GED and enroll in college. I decided a few years ago to see a doctor and he prescribed Concerta.I am now able to follow through on projects and not feel like a failure, frustrated all the time. It has really worked for me."
Review of Adderall XR: "My 10 y/o daughter used this medication for several months. Was not as effective as a previous medication (Vyvanse). Did not last that long (effect wore off mid day) and caused her to have an increased heart rate daily. In addition, her entire mood changed. She became uninterested in even her favorite things, almost like a depression, and she also became extremely moody. Very irritable and easily aggitated and upset."
Review of Focalin: "My son was so hyper that he couldn't even sit still to eat.  I would like to respond to the person who questioned her thin 6 year old being put on this medicine.  My son was actually able to put on some weight as he was able to focus and finish his meals.  Within a year he was at a normal weight for his height.  My son's doctor was able to explain that people with ADD or ADHD do not abuse this drug because it has the opposite affect on them than people without the disorder."
Review of Bupropion: "I am a college student who was having the hardest time concentrating while reading and writing. While reading my thoughts would take me away from the material in a matter of seconds, and while writing I would usually forget the end of the sentence of which I was writing before I got to it. After taking this medicine, 150mg once a day, for a couple months, I began experiencing a marked difference. I was finally able to be absorbed in my reading and could hold my thoughts while writing in a way I had never done before. However, recently I feel like the effects are wearing off. I am beginning again to not be able to pay attention while reading and writing. Perhaps moving up to 300mg will sustain the effects."
Review of Concerta: "I'm 50. I was in school before ADD and ADHD were a thing. Those of us that couldn't pay attention or behave got C's and D's, and we liked it that way. I'm kidding, we didn't like it that way and neither did our parents. I muddled through high school and even got a college degree, but I really struggled. I remember when I first heard of ADD and meds that treat it, and it was a revelation. I've tried many of these medications and Concerta is my favorite. To me, it's the smoothest.  The short acting drugs hit too strongly and then quickly crash. Hard. I had been taking Metidate CD until an insurance change made Concerta cheaper. Concerta is smoother than Metidate."
Review of Strattera: "Hi, I'm from the UK. I have been taking  atomoxetine for roughly 5 months for my ADD which was diagnosed late. The medication had been ok. Recently it's impact on me has started to reduce. I feel that I am able to continue with tasks but am unable to apply focus on to the task. In other words I feel able to continue doing a thing but the quality of my effort seems diluted (beyond help). This is frustrating because I have to repeat things several times (such as reading things for my Masters degree). It has more or less ended other symptoms such as daydreaming, inability to continue at things, sleep problems, memory issues (though this to a smaller extent over time).I am going to get it changed though it works for some better than others."
Review of Selegiline: "I take 5mg Selegiline after 16.8g fish oil and lithium ER [for bipolar] first thing in the morning so selegiline metabolites, doesn't mess up my sleep. Selegiline needs oil to be absorbed well. It's like a stimulant that affects your body [heart rate, salivation, nasal congestion, wakefulness] rather than your mind - no mania. Selegiline helps me with separating out simultaneous conversations in crowded places and eavesdropping, paying attention and not daydreaming, boredom, and picturing stuff in my head. The lithium helps with inhibiting impulsiveness. You have to respond to stimulants or selegiline fails."
Review of Adderall: "My feet in the bottom upfront hurt all the time sometimes they go to sleep"
Review of Bupropion: "In just a week I have noticed a difference in my ability to focus and get things accomplished. Decision making is easier. So far no side effects. I up the dosage today so hopefully this will be just what I need."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I've had Adderall, Dexedrine, and Concerta as well and this was by far the worst. I took it for nearly a year and had multiple panic attacks a day while on it and watched my personality turn from calm and timid to raging and confrontational. Switched to dexedrine and had much more success, but overall found counselling and CBT for ADHD to be infinitely better than any drug I've taken for it."
Review of Amphetamine: "This is the only medication we've tried so far for my 11 year old son, but it works. His school work has done a 180 degree turn since we started on Dyanavel.  The only downside is the flavor, which he hates, but he's motivated do he takes it anyway. We haven't had any negative side effects other than reduced appetite I'm the first few months taking the medication.  He's back to raiding the fridge 24/7 now though."
Review of Dexedrine: "I'm a rare case; I currently am prescribed 180mg of Adderall (90mg IR & 90mg XR). When this was raised to 240mg, I asked to try Dexedrine thinking that after a decade on Adderall, I had simply become tolerant to it. My doc put me on 120mg of Dexedrine. There was a noticeable decline in my focus, and my energy levels (not that's why you should take stimulants) fell off the map. It was smooth. But for me, it was way too smooth. I remember taking 60mg one morning and then going for a hike. I couldn't concentrate on a damn thing, and I was nodding off as I was walking. I guess I should have expected this going from such a high amount of Adderall to a lower dose of Dexedrine (which is absent of levoamphetamine). I would try it again though."
Review of Concerta: "I am a 19 year old studying Chemical Engineering in college, and I would say that Concerta has helped me so much. I started taking this in 18mg doses in 3rd grade and I was then able make straight A's through 5th grade. I then began taking a higher dosage of 36mg in middle school and continued taking it until this day.  I graduated within the top 4% of my high school class and I am doing very well in college.  The single greatest thing about Concerta at 36mg dosage, is that I can study and stay focused up to 12 hours straight! I have become an extremely hard worker and other students, who don't have ADD, simply can't keep up with me because of the amount of time I am able to put into my studies.  I would highly recommend Concerta."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I took Adderall for about 7-8 months.  It was the first medication that I have taken for ADHD as in the past I have suffered through the symptoms.  Overall I would say that it helped my focus and drowsiness.  Other than that I didn't notice a huge change in other areas, though the ability to stay awake and keep focused helped at work. I still managed to forget important events.  It works well for those of us who have the in-attentive type ADHD."
Review of Methylin: "For me, Methylin has been so positive. In the competitive world that is SALES; Methylin has been a God send. It's helped me focus, stay focused and follow through on sales leads and potential. I just wish I'd discovered it 15 years ago. If you have ADD, Methylin should help you."
Review of Guanfacine: "I'm a 19 year-old male college student. I've been on Strattera 100 mg (another non-stimulant like Intuniv) for the last 4-5 years, but I wanted to try another drug because Strattera is starting to be less effective. While on Intuniv, I've noticed that it is doing what it's supposed to (decrease in anxiety, hyperactivity, and increase in focus), but the side-effects are almost not worth it. I've been on Intuniv for two weeks now, and I've been on the 3 mg capsule for the last few days. But, I don't know if I'll be able to finish out the month due to a number of things. I've experienced extreme dry mouth, headaches, INCREASED appetite, and extreme fatigue at awkward hours. I've also found it impossible to wake up in the mornings."
Review of Concerta: "I am a pediatric nurse and a mother of a child with ADHD.  The nurse in me hated the thought of medicating my son with anything yet the mom in me knew something needed to be done. My son went on Concerta at age 6. He takes 36 mg and today is 12 and still on the same dosage. It has helped him in so many ways...grades, focusing, decrease aggressive behavior, and friendships just to name a few. Though I was resistant this was the best choice for my child. It's been 6 years and he is great. It does decrease his appetite during the day time but he does catch up in the evening with calories. I highly recommend a daily Carnation shake with whole milk or a multivitamin if your pediatrician agrees, to prevent missing any nutrients. Good luck to you all."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Water pill worked about as well without the terrible side effects."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son's attention span now exists.  He does not wander off into his fairy land every 2 minutes. His teacher and other educators are very impressed with his work now.My son complains of headaches probably because he has trouble falling asleep."
Review of Vyvanse: "I've been using Vyvanse to treat my ADHD for about a month now and I have to say, I could feel the positive effects pretty much instantly. I've accomplished more in a month with this medicine than I had in a year prior to using it. The one issue I did encounter was an increase to my already existent problem with insomnia but having started taking Trazodone has counteracted this issue. It should be noted that not everyone has the same reaction to any given drug but as for me, nothing I've tried in the past has been NEAR as effective. A (Note: In comparison to other drugs I've tried similar to Vyvanse I've found that it gives me the benefits I need without the overwhelming tweaked out feeling that others caused for me)"
Review of Adderall: "I was 23 when I was diagnosed with ADHD. Started Adderall, I take 30 mg of SR a day and the difference is phenomenal! I get up with ease because I know I can tackle all tasks with astounding motivation and actually enjoy doing tedious work. I am co-morbid with anxiety, rumination, and I was highly neurotic. I found myself aggressive, quick tempered, and easily abusing marijuana and alcohol. This all changed with Adderall, I am rational, reflect on situations in a positive light, and generally just a more helpful and kind person. Adderall completely saved my professional and personal life. Side note, it can cause erectile dysfunction but it will go away after your body is used to the cycle."
Review of Adderall: "ADD is NOT a made up condition. I'm 26.  Without Adderall/Vyvanse, i have no mental energy or focus to do anything. And it has been this way my entire life. School has gone from being an F and D student to being an A and B student. It has nothing to do with "being lazy" and everything to do with having a real chemical imbalance in the brain. Anyways, have been full time for 2 years until 7 weeks ago I convinced myself it wasn't working anymore and I didn't need it. Big mistake! I am ready to start up again next week. I can feel the old me come back, the me I hated. If you truly have ADD/ADHD, this will change your life for the better. Some negatives are sleeping less, decreased apatite, and often weak erections on it (despite high libido)"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "After a few days on vyvance I started sleeping only 2-4 hours a night, then my doctor raised my dosage, now I was on 30 mg. And then a few weeks pass and I started to get really aggressive, yelling at people when I got just a little mad (like if someone accidentally bumped into me while walking down the hallway)And if that wasn't bad enough, I still couldn't focus in school.and the longer I took it the worse my sleep pattern got. I started staying up about 40 hours at a time and sleeping for about 8 hours, And then finally my parents decided to take action and take me off of it.it took me about 7 months to get back to sleeping on a regular schedule"
Review of Desoxyn: "I took the tablets after being on all forms of Dexedrine, Ritalin, Adderral, etc. It had no side effects, but was not as big a deal as it is made out to be. Dextroamphetamine spansules (brand SKF) are far more effective and long-lasting for ADHD, which I've dealt with."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Completely stopped all panic and anxiety that antidepressants never helped nor any kind of benzo. After two months I was able to wean off of my antidepressants and happily zero anxiety or panic. I started in July after a bad try for a month of Concerta. Been on it since now month 7. Tried a few dosages but 80 is what works best for me. Since stopping the antidepressant end of August, I have lost 25 pounds!!! It helps control binge eating that I did out of frustration of my disorder.... I now make clearer healthier food choices and drink a ton of water. You must be careful with the caffeine intake and may possibly need something to help you settle in to sleep at night. I should but choose to only take one med currently."
Review of Atomoxetine: "For a little while it did make my ADHD feel better but all of a sudden extreme depression hit me and I was sleeping ALL of the time!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have always done well in school, but my time management, organizational skills, motivation, and overall thought/idea clarity have lacked.  I went back to college at 29 to finish 2 year degree, and decided to finish 4 year while I am at it.  I was diagnosed with ADHD this past fall, and put on Adderall IR then XR, then back to IR because it just didn't work that well, and quite frankly it made me too anxious at times.  Dr. at school just put me on 30 mg of Vyvanse as an alternative to Adderall, and it works very well.  I worry about drug interactions but it works great and I'm incredibly focused on my everyday tasks with this medication."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I got way to many mental and physical negative side effects and it didn't seem to help that much. Although at times I felt I could pay attention better. I was only on 10mg. My doctor told me to stop taking it and now I have to see a psychiatrist."
Review of Adderall: "I've been using Adderall for a few months. I have extreme depression along with ADD. I was taking Zoloft before and was scared that the Adderall might counteract with my Zoloft and make ma a zombie or suicidal. Well, the first few days of taking Adderall, I was light headed, weak, and didn't eat. After a few days of throwing up I finally took to the drug. My grades are going up in school. I'm losing weight. This drug really is turning my life around. The main reason I was on it was to concentrate and get my grades up. Adderall allows me to bring my grades up."
Review of Methylphenidate: "This medication has made a huge improvement for my son. He is doing better in school and has NO SIDE EFFECTS, which is a major plus to me. No mood swings, fits of rage, or emotional melt downs. I would recommend trying this medication to anyone."
Review of Focalin XR: "My daughter started this medication about 3 months ago. Her grades and reading levels have soared and we don't have as much trouble getting her to concentrate on homework but when it comes time for bed, she's a handful and irritable still when confronted with certain tasks to be done like chores. I am not going to consider another medication on top of this but will instead consider a behavior intervention."
Review of Focalin: "I have been off and on focallin XR 10mg debating weather I like it or not, I HATE IT. It increases my attention by a little bit. I like the loss of appetite because I need to cut down on eating and this does it for me. But it is not worth it. 7 hours of school (9th grade) the whole day was terrible. I was scared about nothing and constantly had fear through the whole day, apparently feelings of crying is very common. I can't talk to anyone either. I get so scared that I'm gonna mess up somehow talking to someone that I studder and over explain and in the end just make things more confusing. This is just not for me"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I just had to write and tell you that I feel like I should be a commercial for Adderal XR.  I am like every other typical mom.  I work part-time, go to school part-time, lead a Brownie Troop, take care of 2 children, a husband and a dog. All while keeping up with the normal household events.  Adderal XR has reformed my life and I am amazed by the difference it has made for me.  I am now able to keep a level head and prioritize.  I don't know how I lived without it.  Thank you Adderal XR."
Review of Atomoxetine: "At first I hated it because it didn't give me the energy of Vyvanse and I desperately wanted my Dr. to switch me back. After a couple of weeks I realized that even though I was a little tired and not really focused I was calm and happy. This medication doesn't really do much for my ADD but it eases my anxiety that I always have had. I've tried many other medications and nothing worked for anxiety except for this one. It feels great to be calm and not worried about nonsense. Hope it keeps working for a long time to come."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I'm 30 and have taken several types of ADD medications since I was young.  I stopped taking Adderall/Ritalin when I graduated from college (about 25 yrs old) because I did not like the side effect, particularly loss of appetite and jitteriness.  I have since had to get back on meds because I have a sales job and I was making mistakes at work.  I started on 25 mg a couple months back and it worked great at first, but has tapered off some.  I wasn't sure if it was still working, but at night when the morning pill wares off and I can't get anything done and I'm super scatterbrained.  That tells me it is working.  I should probably take the doctor recommend evening dose, as well.  Only complaint on side effects would be extreme sleep spells."
Review of Concerta: "I have been taking this for 10 years (started at 18 mg, went up to 36 mg). Recently (several months ago), I developed several horrible side-effects. For example: it made me feel nervous. I could not keep still. It also made me extra irritable (to the point I was yelling at my friends for the littlest things). I also felt depressed (to the point I did not want to get out of bed at all) and could not sleep. The doctor brought me down to 18 mg, symptoms did not improve. I immediately stopped taking this and felt 100% better the next day. The doctor put me on Adderall XR which works a lot better with very little side-effects. Please avoid Concerta if possible."
Review of Vyvanse: "This changed my life for the better! I am 35 and just got diagnosed with ADD/ADHD five days ago. I can focus and I don't feel like my brain is going 2,000 miles an hour. I remember things and can finish things I start in order. It's amazing!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I've been on Vyvanse for about 2 months now and I've seen a huge improvement in my motivation to do thinks and want to do school work. My grades were really bad before I took Vyvanse but now they are excellent. The only downfall to this is I have lost about 20 pounds and it seems like I'm always nervous so I guess I'm going to stop this medicine so I can gain the weight back on."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son is 7-1/2 and has been taking 20mg of Metadate CD for the past 4 months.  He started a new school this year, private school, and we had high hopes for him to succeed.  But within the first week of school the teacher was already reporting lack of focus and inability to work independently.  So the Doctor recommended a higher dosage.  We had just filled the prescription ($47/month) so I asked if we could simply double the dose instead of a new prescription of 30mg. Doctor was Okay with that so we did it over the weekend.  I saw a major difference at home, he sat in his room and played Lego's for over 3 hours, very focused on it.  But he was so quiet it scared me.  Today will be his first day in the classroom with 40 mg, I hope it works."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son has ADHD (combined) and ODD. Unfortunately, the medication only help with his hyperactivity not his attention, plus he was still defiant."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son has been on this medication for 4 years. He's now on 40 MG and it has been a Godsend! He went from Ds and Fs to As and Bs.  It wears off after school but as long as he makes it through school that's all that matters to me!!! I would recommend this medication to any parent. It truly has helped our son and brings out the best in him!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "Simply amazing! I was on Concerta from the age of 11-17 it worked, but didnt really appreciate its qualities being a young lad...I came off it. Since then life has gone dramatically down hill and I have had issues with keeping a job, focusing, social acceptance....the works! I had no commitment to anything and no drive to establish myself in the world. Im now 24 and have been back on them for 9 months. Since then I have been 100 milliom times more productive. Secured an amazing job (and held it down) even won a few employee of the month awards! Ive also gained a new amazing social circle and my relationships generally have never been better. Small side effects i.e sleep issues. But will never stop taking unless forced."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 19 years old and started taking 50mg Vyvanse today, being diagnosed with ADD. So far today, i haven't any problems focusing and actually WANT to get my work done. It did take around 2 hours to start working, but there were no jitters. I never thought ADHD or ADD was a problem of mine, but it does run in my family."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Diagnosed with Depression and Anxiety, found symptoms lessened with Wellbutrin XR. Year later diagnosed with adult ADHD, all ADD with little HD. Started Strattera and felt a slight improvement in focus, but also felt distant and flat. Stopped Strattera due to severe constipation. Tried Adderall, little effect on focus and concentration, and turned into a Chatty Cathy. I did sleep better than ever though. Next, Ritalin with close to the same effects, but without the great sleep. Back to Strattera to give it another shot, constipation lessened, but still feel that it is not helping with the ADD. Considered adding Adderall or Ritalin in with, but Doctor now recommending psych evaluation to look deeper. Scary, but necessary."
Review of Intuniv: "We started my 5 yr old on this, the 1 worked for him for a few weeks, then we noted an increase in aggression and hyperactivity. They upped him to 2 mg and now he has not slept in days no more than 4 hours a night and then he wakes and starts kicking the door to his room and screams at the top of his lungs until we get him up, he has trashed his bedroom and said he noticed curtains moving when there are no movement. He is loud and violent and swearing, I called the DR right away after the first night of him saying his curtain rod was moving, so they said take it at night instead, but then waking up for a week at 3 am has been a nightmare. We are so stressed and over whelmed with this behavior he is out of control."
Review of Vyvanse: "I used to sleep for like 12 to 24 hours straight very often for 2 years. I would sometimes fall asleep at work at dinner time. That caused me to be inattentive, distracted and sometimes more rarely sugar high hyperactivity sort of speaking. Now ever since then my problem is solved I can get up early and perform my task like normally so it works very well for both narcolepsy and ADD/ADHD. It could even work for depressed subjects. It should be obvious enough that you're all set to go whether its to go to school and working at same time or full time job."
Review of Concerta: "I am 18 years old. I took this medication for 2 years if I remember correctly, in elementary, yes it helped me focus better in school somewhat but at the same time it had taken my appetite away, gave me insomnia, stomach cramps, mood swings and hallucinations and if I skipped a dose, I would get physically sick. I would NOT recommend this mediation."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I truly believe this drug helps many adults. Just seem to get through their day a bit easier and if that's all it takes than so be it. Not everyone is able just jump into the day while wearing a smile."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Helps me keep my attention in class,  but seems to make me keep grinding my teeth and move my jaw around.  A tick I guess."
Review of Strattera: "My 7 year old son with Autism/ADHD took this to decrease impulsivity. He got insomnia, rages/aggression, completely out of control. It would happen about 4 hours after taking 25mg. It also interferes with his asthma medicines- Albuterol. Not for us."
Review of Vyvanse: "I took a 30 mg dose of Vyvanse and it helped me focus all day. I feel much less depressed and have not noticed any nervous side effects. I have read that it makes sleeping difficult and will find out tonight. I like it."
Review of Intuniv: "My son is 8 and was diagnosed with ADHD recently, this is the first medication he has taken.  We started at 1mg working or way up to 3mg, and it's taken in the evening around 5pm. Once at 3mg, my son was extremely sleepy. Even falling asleep in class and in the bus ride home. He was emotional about everything. Even looking for toys, he would cry. He also experienced terrible tummy aches. He became very irritable, I'm guessing because he was sleepy. I had his Dr lower the dosage to 2mg and he is becoming that little guy I know again! He's still kind of sleepy but not as bad and his teacher is noticing a big improvement in his focus at school. We are still working out the kinks but I am hopeful! Best of luck to you all!"
Review of Bupropion: "The first three days Bupropion worked like a miracle. I was very calm, my inner restlessness was completely gone. I had some side effects like a mild fever and stomach ache. But that was well worth the effects. The best and most surprising effect was that my Tics were reduced by roughly 90%. On the 4th day of my medication, however, I felt 0 effects from the medicine and I haven't felt anything since. We tried upping the dose to regain the amazing effects but this only made my depressed and gave me suicidal thoughts. My advice is, try this medicine but be careful. It can work as a charm, and it can turn out horrible."
Review of Strattera: "I'm ADD and Bipolar.  Strattera has helped give me a laser like focus in the morning.  If I don't get enough sleep I can't stay awake (it seems to cause drowsiness) but if I am well rested, I am on task.  The only negative is as the day wears on, it seems to lose effectiveness.  I could use another dose by 3pm.  I am thirsty all the time, dry mouth and not very hungry. I'm on my 2nd month and seeing how it goes. I've tried Adderall that made me way too nervous and Effexor which didn't do enough."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was diagnosed with ADHD, this year, at age 20 as a Sophomore in college.  Vyvanse is the first and only medication I have ever taken to treat my ADHD. Pre Vyvanse, I had a cumulative 3.5 gpa in my first two semesters of college.  Post Vyvanse after 1 semester of taking it, I got a 3.62 GPA. While my GPA didn't increase tremendously, I did notice that I could pay attention in class a lot better and that I was learning a lot more. On Vyvanse, I can easily put 12 hours in the library if needed and be way more organized. I recently obtained an internship for Xmas break, and I wouldn't be able to work 60+ hours behind a desk per week without it. Vyvanse has made a difference in my life."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "The best! No nighttime anxiety like on Concerta ,feel stable and able to think and be organized a good 10-12 hours . Also acts as an anti anxiety and anti depressant for me."
Review of Concerta: "My 7 and 11 yr old children take 18mg and 36mg respectively. The 7 yr old also takes a 5mg Methalin tab at about 3PM because she melts into a screaming pile of shattered emotions otherwise.  Actually, that's how she was ALL THE TIME before she started taking Concerta. The 11 yr old recently increased his dose because he's getting older and bigger.  He was singing/humming/noise making in class again (which is what clued me in to a higher dose. He started taking Concerta because he couldn't access information when doing homework. The information was there, he just couldn't concentrate long enough to access what he needed. VERY frustrating for him. He isn't hyperactive like the other child, so he was diagnosed at a later age. Side effects: sleepless until 12AM."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "My feet in the bottom upfront hurt all the time sometimes they go to sleep"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "We couldn't be more pleased with this medication.  My 9 year old son was previously on Concerta and Metadate CD.  Although those medications were effective, Vyvanse has greatly out performed both.  The most significant side effect has been lack of appetite.  We encourage a late meal so that he can make up for what he has missed throughout the day.  His weight seems to be holding steady following an initial weight loss of 6 pounds.  This is a medication worth trying!"
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I have struggled with ADD for years and was put on a moderate dosage of ritalin in high school. But it gave me anxiety like you wouldn't believe. I ignored my ADD after high school and started dexedrine in college. What a difference! It helps me to focus much better and give me the energy to finish what I start. My procrastination has never been lower. I only give it a 9 because I sometimes need to make myself focus when the meds are an hour or two from wearing off."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I hated this medication! I became so sick when my doctor put me on it.  I took myself off of it and magically the next day I was %100 better.  My doctor tried to tell me it wasn't the medication so I tried it again but, magically I got sick again.  "
Review of Clonidine: "We have a 8 year old who we adopted from foster care last year.  He was diagnosed with ADHD soon after.  He was put on Concerta.  We saw definite improvement.  But early this year, he started exhibiting increased symptoms of ADHD.  He could not fall asleep until late so we used Melatonin.  His doctor started him on Kapvay about 5 weeks ago.  We started seeing a great improvement the first week because he fell asleep without Melatonin and started getting 10 hours of sleep.  The second week we added the morning dose.  Mornings immediately became incredible.  We no longer needed check lists for him.  The teacher said he still needed better focus so he is now on .3mg.  He is doing incredibly well.  His doctor is going to ween him down on Concerta."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was late being diagnosed with ADHD, (late 40s) I was diagnosed Bipolar in 1992, but never felt this was the correct diagnosis as my meds never helped me with all the different thoughts going on in my head. As soon as I started concerta, I felt more relaxed, my concentration improved greatly and I could sleep peacefully without any benzodiazepines. I am currently (for over 4 years) on a dose of 72mg, it still is as effective as when I started and luckily I haven't any of the listed side effects. I think if anybody feels they have ADHD they should seek Psychiatric help to do the relevant tests."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I couldn't handle the side affects. Night sweats with intense anxiety and nausea. Couldn't sleep. Terrible. Only lasted 2 weeks."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm 18 years old, and have been taking Concerta now since my sophomore/junior year of high school. I was also taking Zoloft (for depression) along with my daily dosage of Concerta. Now that I'm in college, things have been going better for me, and I don't have to take the Zoloft anymore, and only take the Concerta when I feel like I really need to focus throughout the day. However, I've been noticing recently that while on the Concerta, I'm moody, tired, and unmotivated.  I also start thinking really negatively about myself, and find myself very irritable. I feel like I've taken several steps back, and should be taking the Zoloft in order to balance out my emotions."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I started taking Vyvanse 2 weeks ago and it has helped with my focus, patience, anxiety and depression. My doctor tells me I have a mix of ADD/ADHD so he prescribed me on 50mg. I am worried though about all of these side effects I have been hearing about that could happen. The only side effects I have gotten is bruising easily and loss of appetite in which i force myself to eat because I end up feeling like I will pass out. Other than that I highly recommend vyvanse!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "It helps a lot with paying attention, On 30mg once a day and it works up until about 7th-8th hour (5 hours after taking it) and for me suppresses my appetite so I don't care if I eat or not. Stomach still rumbles though. No other ill effects. I would recommend it. No jitteriness as with other stimulants such as Ritalin/Focalin. I feel much more like myself then on other medicines."
Review of Guanfacine: "Great difference in impulse control."
Review of Adderall XR: "I remember when I was 8 and put on glasses for the first time and was astounded that I could see each individual leaf. But I was more astounded that I had been living for years without that essential clarity. The first week taking Adderall XR was like that. At once I had realized just how disabled I was-- but also how capable I could be. Five months ago, I was on the brink of losing my retail job due to numerous register mistakes. After taking Adderall my sales numbers are stellar, and I feel like I can go back to college again. Only negative is the weight loss-- but since I was overweight anyway that side effect is just fine by me. Insomnia is an issue, but not overly frequently. Taking it immediately in the AM solves it."
Review of Methylphenidate: "This was a miracle that at first changed my life. I went from being always late for work, nearly losing my job to super Mom! My brain was on 24/7 and never switched off. It helped me come out my shell and be more social, more verbal at work. Excelled at work, at home I sucked! I lacked emotional judgment, was very aggressive and easily ticked off. I became obsessive compulsive, I would lose my mind if anything was out of place. 3 years later I just stopped cold turkey as being a super mom was just not worth it any more. I quit my job and my family must just accept me for who I am. I lack focus and day dream and forget to sign kids home work, but I am me. "
Review of Ritalin: "Diagnosed in 1992 ADHD & prescribed Ritalin. Before I took Ritalin, I was forgetful, daydreamed, moody, couldn't focus for long, did soft drugs, drank alcohol, smoked cigs., and was negative minded. Now, I do none of the above. It makes me feel motivated to go to work, everyday, and I read novels from page 1 to the last page. Before, I never had the patience  to read past page 1. My Doc. prescribes me 60 mg. per day. To start my day, I take 1- SR20mg. with 1-10mg; then 4hrs. later, I take 1-10mg.; then 4hrs. later I take 1-SR20mg. The problem is, after the first 8hrs., I know I need a 10mg. for the next 4hrs. But my Doc. won't prescribe me over 60mg. per day cause he thinks that is the max. per day allowed. Any suggestions?"
Review of Pemoline: "This was my best ADHD med by far. My doctor quit prescribing it when the liver problems emerged years ago. I didn't know it was still available. Hmmm."
Review of Adderall XR: "This medicine is great for adhd but does not work for everyone in fact it made me feel angry,increased anxiety I've been dealing with and can kind of depress you i recommend adderall xr (even tho i stopped it) because ADHD is challenging and this medication made me very focused, like robot focused it was great! but i had to switch to prozac cause it gave me worse anxiety, if you have a problem with anxiety i don't recommend it,there are plenty your doctor can prescribe that don't have as much side effects. but all in out this medicine is great for treating ADHD good luck!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "I started give this medication to my 7years old we started with 18mg, 25mg and now 40mg, no change on his behavior yet 40mg it only been 2wks that he is taking it, but one thing is he is more aggressive, crying a lot but I am going to continue for 2more wks to see if any changes after that definitely I will call the doctor to change this med."
Review of Metadate CD: "7 year old with ADHD, with the HD prevailing. Started 10 mg Metadate CD in the morning and teacher reported night and day difference, but late in the day was night marish. Grouchy, no focus and constantly arguing. Doctor decided that it metabolized quickly and was out of his system too quickly. Started 20 mg in the morning and saw immediate improvement in the afternoons. BUT...vocal and motor tics began, up to 7-10 a minute, and we stopped it right away. Started 0.25 mg Guanfacine to relax the system, up to 3 mg now. Tics have lessened, but still present daily. Tried Adderall, but aggression and moodiness appeared. Back to Metadate CD, paired with Guanfacine, school is better, still some moodiness, but overall an improvement."
Review of Adderall: "Was diagnosed with ADHD around 12. Didn't take any medicines regularly for years (risks, cost) but tried many. Got through undergrad without medicines but with lots of counseling/accoms, hit grad school and knew I needed more help. Began Adderall XR   regular in '03 at 25. Dose upped from 10-25mg over time. Yes, fixes concentration problems, makes you feel functional, driven, capable, great...but see more side effects like (super high blood pressure, low libido, binge eating when off medicines, moody/short temper). Worried about long term impacts on health - not being able to quit, sex life and inability to take it while pregnant/nursing.  Would love to hear from long time users in their 30s. Glad it helps so many people as much as it does. Life changer."
Review of Methamphetamine: "I have been on this drug for 12 years and it greatly improved the quality of my life in a lot of ways . the problem I am having now is that I still have some organization skills not because of the  medication. I was getting my mental health needs thru park nicollet health care . now i can not find mental health care that are willing to prescribe this medication that helped me immensely.the problem with the drug is its unpopularity of the drug from providers because of the abuse of street methamphetamine. those providers do not have the knowledge of the things that they are supposed to when it comes to aadd"
Review of Modafinil: "I was on adderall for 12 years after diagnosed with ADHD. I have always had problems being tired all the time and that helped along with the other sytoms. I have fallen asleep driving etc. I saw a neurologist his recommendation was a sleep specialist and take me off the adderall. My regular doctor weaned me off the adderall and started the modafinl. I started with 100 mg at the end off the adderall then went to 200 mg alone that done nothing she upped it to 400mg and it helped for a few months now it's like I'm taking a sugar pill it does nothing. I can not function or stay awake. Now going for sleep study."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am 36 and was diagnosed with ADD shortly after my youngest son was diagnosed with ADHD. I take 36mg Concerta and it has changed my life and saved my career. Looking back, I should have been diagnosed as a child, but my intellect got me through college, the military and life in general thus far. Had I been treated as a child, life would have been a lot easier. However, my struggles have made me who I am. I recently began a new position at work and it is extremely challenging. I need to be exceptionally focused and organized. I was drowning and getting depressed about my lack of success until I started taking the Concerta. 2 months later I have been promoted and able to handle a larger workload.....HOWEVER, my son developed severe tics."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My daughter was diagnosed with ADHD in the 2nd grade and her doctor and I discussed different medications and settled on Concerta. Grades were never a problem, but behavior and socialization were. She hated the medication and would spit it out or hide it. It gave her headaches, loss of appetite and sleep loss. Eventually she began taking it regularly and began to do well in school. The behavior problems ceased as well as socialization. She took this medication for about 2 years and then I decided to pull her off. Her teacher didn't even notice and thought she was still taking the medication because she was so well adjusted and presented no serious issues. She never took meds again and learned to cope. She has ADHD but manages it other ways."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have only been on it for one month. It's the best thing I have taken."
Review of Strattera: "It worked quite well in the first 2 weeks with a lot of things. My thought process, my mood, my socializing, getting school work done much faster, not procrastinating. Then after 3 weeks on the medicine, it plummeted. I had more side effects after 3rd week when dosage raised to 20 mg as 10 mg did not work. Had heart palpitation, was sweaty, muscle weakness, extremely tired."
Review of Vyvanse: "After years of trying both stimulants & non-stimulants for my ADHD, Vyvanse has been a game changer. Its helped me to actually start LIVING life! Previously, I had the best results while on Adderrall, however the mid-afternoon "crash" left me irritable, moody, & feeling like my ADHD was, in a sense, magnified.Thank goodness Shire (developers of Adderrall) sat out to fix the negative side effects (or at least attempt to), but keep the positives. For me, the dry mouth is way more intense than with other stimulants. I have also noticed a drastic decline in sex drive. I would not be able to afford Vyvanse (I don't have insurance) if it were not for the Shire Cares patient assist program."
Review of Guanfacine: "My son is 14 and has tourettes and adhd. He was put on Intuitiv and it has helped with his focus and his tics. At first he was extremely tired, but after taking it for a bit that part is not as bad. The teacher noticed a big improvement. Luckily there have been no other side effects. We started at 1mg and are now on 3 mg. It is my sons choice whether he wants to be on meds or not. He had chose to go off for a bit in the summer and then once back in school he wasn't doing so great so he chose to go back on it. It really helps with the tics."
Review of Adderall: "I have a vast array of psych problems from ADD to OCD to suicidal ideation.  Adderall was the first wonder pill for me. It made every other medicine I was taking more tolerable and more effective. It caused my mind to stop racing so bad.  Adderall changed my life."
Review of Concerta: "I was diagnosed a few months ago (I'm 19) with ADD. The first--any only-- medicine I have tried thus far is Concerta (27 and 36mg). Not only has my ADD not gotten any better, but I feel I have anxiety, mood swings, restlessness, and insomnia. I've used it for several weeks, adjusted my dose, and minimized any external stress and it's not any better."
Review of Guanfacine: "It's only been 3 days that my son has been on this medication. But from the first time he's taken it I could tell the difference."
Review of Strattera: "Been on this medicine since I was 11. Been upping the dosage up to 60mg from 15, now 17 years old still taking. Incredibly good at keeping my attention and solving ADHD. Used to be a troublemaker, now in college preparing for university, but has minor side effects for example I feel down and depressed randomly.  I also feel drowsy for a little while."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been on this medicine for about a month and lost around eleven pounds. I initially got on it to stay more focused in school although I don't have a serious case of ADD but I don't mind the weight loss. I could spare a few pounds. You get a rush for about 45 minutes after it kicks in and that feels better than it should. I feel I can concentrate when I use it, but I'm not myself when I take it. My personality is dulled a bit and even if I have homework to do, I'll find something to distract myself. Whether it's choosing a simpler assignment or just writing because I still feel like I'm being productive."
Review of Guanfacine: "I had been taking intuniv for a week at 10mg. 32 year old female, for add. Yesterday out of the blue at night I started getting brain zaps. My anxiety got so high I felt my heart was going to explode. I felt like I was going to crawl out of my skin. It was an utter nightmare and I ended up in the ER. I was afraid I was losing touch with reality. I'm still feeling anxious now too. I am never touching this med again. I just hope it gets out of my system soon. I can't believe they give it to kids. I almost went psychotic! It was a nightmare drug for me. Be careful please. Even at a low dose it can cause a nasty reaction. I'm also bipolar so that might have played a role in it too."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Occasionally I can have jittery side effects... not enough that it outweighs the benefits. It's a great medication for those who won't abuse it."
Review of Adderall: "So I was recently diagnosed with ADHD and am taking welbutrin however it wasn't doing enough so I requested to try a stimulant, specifically this one since the ratings are so high and predominately positive. Within minutes of taking 10mg the anxiety was... just wayy too much. I also didn't really know how to feel or what to do. It did help me with focusing...better than almost anything else I've tried. Then after that I went away about a half an hour later I started to feel better after I ate something. The remainder of the day I was so tired I just layed in bed. It works don't get me wrong but I just cant put my faith in an addictive/phisically dependant med. I stopped taking it. Gonna try strattera next"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I'm an 18 year old girl and I have ADD along with Bipolar/Schizoaffective. Because I have psychotic symptoms, the highest dose of Adderall I can take is 30mg. My problem is, it doesn't keep me focused more then 3 hours or so because the dose is low and even though it's a low dose, I can't seem to eat at all. I've been struggling with my weight for a while due to hyperthyroidism. I'm 5'00 and 89-95 lbs. my goal weight is 100. I can't afford to lose more weight. The risks are outweighing the very minimal benefits."
Review of Strattera: "My 9 yr old son has verbal dyspraxia, sensory processing disorder and ADHD.   We tried Ritalin which was ok for a year. We didn't give it to him on weekends and school holidays. Then this last term the retalin started causing depression, aggression, mood swings, more headaches and stomach aches. We stopped the Ritalin and saw an improvement, though he was still easily distracted and disrupting the class.  Doctor then said we should try Strattera. From what I had read about it I was not hopeful and expected bad side effect. To my surprise it worked from day one. No side effects. He feels better and happier and is able to listen better so less fights at home and teacher is happy with improvement."
Review of Vyvanse: "My son started taking this medicine about 9 months ago.  His grades went from C's and D's to A's and B's. He is able to focus and concetrate.  He isn't a zombie walking around the house.  He still has some emotion and can still have fun.  I love this medicine because even he can see the diffence it has made in his life."
Review of Vyvanse: "Works great for me."
Review of Ritalin: "My doctor originally put me on Ritalin, and I stayed on it for 2 months. It made me very sick to my stomach, although it did improve my concentration. I have since switched to another medication and am doing much better."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have had ADD for several years now (I'm 24). I was taking adderall for a while but it flared up my anxiety. I am now prescribed Strattera, and so far, no good. I'm only on day 3, but I feel absolutely exhausted and irritable. Considering giving up on it because it's the end of the school semester and I can't afford to feel this tired with all the work I have to do."
Review of Focalin XR: "My fifteen year old son has had behavioral problems since he was a toddler, he was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of five through very specific testing by a psychologist who specialized in ADHD. I was not going to put my son on medication because his teachers thought he was "hyper", there is a difference. He has been on every ADHD medication on earth with different side effects. None of them were as effective as finding Focalin XR. If a medication is not working or causing negative side effects on your child, do not give up! Sometimes you need to try a different combination of medications. My son did not start doing emotionally better and stabilized on his medication until he was twelve. I would not give up. Help is out there!"
Review of Wellbutrin XL: "Wellbutrin has helped the anxiety and depression associated with my ADD.  After quitting smoking my Adderall quit being effective.  Rather than upping my dose of my stimulant medication, I opted for "nicotine replacement therapy."  I am so glad I did.  This is the most effective thing I have ever tried.  In the past I have tried Zoloft and Effexor."
Review of Guanfacine: "I am a 52 year old male who was prescribed this drug to treat mild ADD, mild anxiety and mild hypertension. For the first five days it was very effective.Then, a fierce panic attack started.  I stopped taking the pill after the first full day of it but the episode lasted five days straight. I have never had one of these in my life before. Shaking, moaning, hot flashes, intense sternum knot, heart pain, racing pulse, overwhelming feeling of fear and hopelessness. A couple lorazepam towards the end helped immensely when my body felt like it was about to burn out. After a day of normalcy, a softer panic set in which then morphed into brief bouts of depression.I realize most people do not have this reaction, but be warned."
Review of Intuniv: "I was put on Intuniv because I have schizophrenia and ADHD as I can't take the stimulant type medications.  I used the starter kit and did not notice any improvement in my focus or attention.  I was so tired I was falling asleep at 7-9pm at night and waking up at 6-7 in the morning.  I went to table tennis and was just a zombie.  I was asleep on my feet and couldn't wait for class to end instead of being my normal happy active self during class. I stopped taking this medicine ...even if it had helped with my ADHD it would probably have not been worth the side effects."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son (7 years old now) was diagnosed with ADHD last year and was started on 10mg of Metadate. We've slowly progressed to 60mg now which I was told is the maximum dosage available for this medication.  It seems to work fine on a new dosage for about a month and then nothing.  Our doctor is now talking about putting him on Adderall which makes me a little nervous since he is already underweight (been reading all the side effects).  He is only 49lbs and 49inches.  We're feeding him Pedisures daily to help boost the weight but still to no avail. Just want my son to be able to focus in school!"
Review of Adderall: "Double edged sword with Adderall. Great for concentration, brought my college GPA from a 2.5 to a 3.7, amazing. Although I do have trouble sleeping with it, and I often have mild bouts of depression, and roller coaster of emotion that I never have had before. Although it is important to state that this may be because I am not eating as much and forget to eat, which could easily cause these symptoms. AMAZING for athletics, I am able to run 3-4 times farther with this, really great. A nice feeling when its working and with  a definite comedown. Its important to mention I am on the IR version, which could be causing these side effects. My food habits are also now VERY healthy."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was a kid. I've tried all sorts of medications, (two type of Adderall and I don't even remember what else). Around two years ago, my doctor decided to switch me to Vyvanse. It is effective, I won't lie, but the side effects make it less than desirable. I am a 17 year old on a 7 year old's dosage and it still causes me to have mood swings, become irritable and antisocial, and kills my appetite. If I happen to be stressed out, on my period, and on Vyvanse on the same time (both tantrums and objects will be thrown). I've taken to using it on an as needed basis. It's not as effective this way, and my doctor doesn't like it, but at least I can balance academics and a social life this way."
Review of Vyvanse: "My son has had ADHD for as long as I can remember. We have been through 5 different ADHD medicines with some sort of side affect with each one. I started doing research and finding out what my options were. I found the Vyvanse by accident and I had to find out more. What I read was so amazing I wanted it for my son. I couldn't believe how hard it was to get the Doctors to understand I knew what I was doing and I was going to do whatever it took to get my son the proper help. Well needless to say my son has been on this medicine for quite a few months now and the difference is Amazing. He went from D and F's (not kidding) to an A student in this past report card. To see the smile on his face and the sense of accomplishment was worth it all. "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse changed my son's behavior even the first day, and he has taken Vyvanse daily for 2.5 years.  He was six when he started.  I also started taking Vyvanse, and just wish this had been around when I was a student."
Review of Concerta: "Before Concerta I was labeled disruptive; unintelligent, impulsive, poor concentration etc. The worst part was that no matter how hard I tried I always messed up, and it was never on purpose. I am often described as having "no-filter" between my head and mouth. Now, with Concerta, I am able to 'filter' information correctly. I have control with what I say and I can concentrate when I need to. This is however, no miracle - I have bad days. Like anyone, my cognition suffers if I haven't had enough sleep, etc. Concerta only gives one control of their actions and organizes things in your head a bit better - something I had been long without. Please consider the facts provided by health professionals."
Review of Guanfacine: "My son has ADHD and is taking intuniv 3 mg, I find with this drug he is so sleepy all he wants to do is sleep, it's supposed to help his concentration but it doesn't, he's too tired. It also makes him angry and he's in a bad mood all the time, I stopped giving it to him for a few days to see if it would make a difference in his mood and it did he was so much happier, I don't know what to do whether to keep him on it or stop it. The doctor is adamant that it's not the drug it's behaviour but I know it is the drug. Anyone else have this problem...."
Review of Metadate CD: "My 5 year old has been on this medication for about 2 weeks now we switched him from Adderall to this because Adderall had to many side effects but other than the side effects he did really well at first. So we switched to Medadate we had high hopes that we found the right medicine for him but we saw no response at all his behavior on the medicine was as if he was not on it. We moved his dose up to 20 yesterday I hope this will help or else we have to try something else."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I took my 1st 10mg, I ate 1/2 peanut butter sandwich with banana and cup of coffee, within hour and half I was nauseous and gagged. I had hot flashes throughout morning. I felt better by late afternoon, I lay in bed all night long beginning at 9pm trying to fall asleep, I may have a total of two hours. It is time to get ready for work and I am exhausted, I have to eat breakfast and start all over again- I am sure I can endure these beginning effects but plan on calling Doctor."
Review of Vyvanse: "This medication should be the #1 choice that doctors prescribe their patients. I have taken Concerta, Ritalin, Adderall XR, but none seem to work as well as Vyvanse, and with as little side effects. Your confidence, mood and energy may dramatically increase with Vyvanse, it truly is a magnificent medication."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I feel like the character in the movie "Limitless" because I have been responding extremely well with this medicine!  It is known that medicine works different for everyone, but for me it's a God send and I only take 20 mg. I have always had a tough time comprehending everything even talking.  I have to focus on what I'm saying to make less grammar mistakes and sometimes I do sound slow. Vyvanse has enhanced my comprehension: I can now do math quicker, enjoy reading and listening, and actually talk like a normal person. I feel happy and energetic.  Sounds too good to be true, but I consider myself lucky. No adverse side effects yet.  "
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvanse has worked wonders for me. It doesn't have the crash that other ADHD medications gave me and still keeps my attention up. "
Review of Dexedrine: "I'm 38. Been taking Dexedrine now for my fourth time for a month.  I was diagnosed at 21 in 1995.  I tried Ritalin for a couple weeks and stopped. Went untreated for a few more years.  Went to my doctor about my wild mood swings and EXTREME emotions and told him about Ritalin.  He said I should try Dexedrine.Instantly it did wonders.  If a coworker said something that would have offended me and got me bent out of shape, it just rolled off my back.  I felt great and inspired.  It didn't affect my sex drive at all.  "
Review of Vyvanse: "It's awesome. I can now concentrate in school and on my homework and im now getting A's on my tests. It's simply amazing."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am an adult on this medicine now for a little over a month.  I could not sleep at night because I could not get my brain to "turn off"  I had constant headache and horrible migraines which I am treated for by a neurologist.  My blood pressure was out of control most days over 175 with the bottom number at high 90's to 110.  Not good.  Since being on it  I have not had one migraine, my blood pressure is 120's over 60 to 70's and I can put it on and go right to sleep if I want to.  I actually sleep through the night now. I can not tell you how happy I am to feel so good.  Side effect; the patch leaves red skin that does not heel for days.  I am so excited.  My son takes Concerta now for 6 years and has good results but not like this."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I've taken Vyvanse extended release and Adderall extended release. I didn't like the mood swings and irritability I suffered when they would wear off.  My doctor has since put me on Adderall immediate release 30 milligram tablets twice a day. I've taken these tablets for 2 years now and love that I can focus and I am not having mood swings or irritable at all. I have experienced dry mouth and some jitters as well as trouble sleeping. I take Ambien to sleep and it is no longer an issue. I have to take a vitamin supplement due to a huge weight loss though. I was over weight when I started Adderall and now am at a healthy weight and maintaining that weight without issue."
Review of Adderall XR: "My focus and energy increased immensely. I did a 4 to 6 page research final paper in 3 days. I finally can focus on tasks and not spend hours and hours on one task because I dosed off and daydream. I also did a 13 page AP English within 9 days. I'm glad I decided to take Adderall XR at the end of high school and now I will be taking it while I'm in college. Is it a cognitive enhancer which is said a lot ABSOLUTELY NOT. It doesn't make you smarter, it doesn't improve your thinking, and it doesn't improve your memory. It just do what its suppose to do and helps you focus. The bad thing is that it is hard to sleep."
Review of Methylphenidate: "It makes me sweat a lot and have panic attacks."
Review of Adderall: "I never thought I could have done better than how I was before. I am doing better at sports, behavior wise, and paying attention in class."
Review of Concerta: "I've started taking Concerta because of ADD when I was 21. I went to see my doctor, I was explaining to him that I had difficulty keeping up at school since I was a kid, but the only reason I'm in University was because I was in art school. He prescribed me concerta. If anyone took speed before, it's exactly the same effect. You do get a down. You are more focused. You loose weight. However, you can go to sleep at night. The problem is, I don't take it everyday, I think it's a little bit too harsh for me. I'll go see him again, maybe I have psychological issues.It DID help with my sleeping: I always fell asleep in the afternoon, it took everything I had to stay awake ( at school, at home, at friends house) I was known as the sleeper."
Review of Vyvanse: "From the day I started taking Vyvanse 2 months ago, I have become less impulsive, more organized, am completing past undone projects, can follow a difficult discussion longer without irritation, watch TV less, decisions are easier, and I've lost 20 pounds moving from 210 pounds to 190 with less compulsion to eat.  Food has lost some of its interruptive attraction.  I sleep my 7-8 hours and go all day instead of working mornings with lots of coffee and slumping in the afternoon."
Review of Vyvanse: "I can focus so much easier now, my thoughts are manageable and I can keep them straight in a way I never have beforethe only downsides are I am basically emotionless and it's difficult for me to let loose and have fun. Also another problem is when I miss a day I turn into a lunatic, like I am hyperactive, running on pure energy and unable to control what comes out of my mouth (thank God my teachers are cool!)."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "As an adult I love the fact that I don't have to plan my day around when I was going to take my next dose.  With Vyvanse I take it in the morning and it lasts all day.  When my 7 year old began taking medication during kindergarten it worked well but in first grade you are there all day.  He was going to need second dose for an afternoon boost. Now that he is on Vyvanse I don't have to worry about making sure he is given his second dose by the school nurse.  He just takes on in the morning and it lasts all day. I am also impressed by how the medicine eases into you system. There are no ups and downs."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have huge attention issues and I've been taking Vyvanse since it first came out about 5 years ago and it's the only medication that works for my ADD. My dosage is the max at 70mg and it works great. The only side effects I've ever experienced is when I don't take it (usually on the weekend), you'll have an increase in appetite and you may become pretty lethargic. It's completely bearable though and it's nothing major at all. Other than that, I honestly believe it's the best one out there. With my insurance and the discount card from the website, I'm only paying $35 for my prescription. Everyone is different but it's definitely worth a try. I've recommended it several times. Ask your doctor about it and see."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This is the most amazing medicine. I've had problems with being unmotivated, overweight and depressed for years, and this drug can make me feel like a new person. Unfortunately, I'm stuck taking these pills just so I can feel productive. Oddly, though, sometimes even when I'm not on the drug, I feel as if I'm moving in fast motion, but my brain isn't. It's very strange but I can deal with it."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 50 y/o f just recently diagnosed with ADHD. My 32 y/o was diagnosed just 2 or 3 yrs ago. I have always been forgetful, impatient, unable to focus, misplaced items, etc. I went back to college 2 1/2 yrs ago and did excellent, but it was very hard even though I studied and knew the material it was the same in HS. I realized something was changing in my ability to learn and saw a doc on adults w/ADD & ADHD, realized it was hereditary, got tested and BAM. I've been on the initial 30 mg a day for a month. I feel sure doc will increase the dosage due to how long it lasts. But, It's GREAT, completely changed my life. I have a small decrease in appetite, must take it early to negate insomnia otherwise, awesome med."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been taking Concerta for about 8 years and it's helped my mood and productivity a lot.  I used to get a stronger focus benefit from it and Ritalin, so there are times I still feel unfocused.  But overall, it works well.  The one-a-day dose is great.  It doesn't keep me awake too late at night, unless I take it after 11 a.m..  I definitely notice the days I don't take it, either by choice or if I forget to get the prescription renewed.  The first day off it isn't bad, but after that I get really cranky.  So I like myself a lot better on it than off!  My wife does too.It's not a miracle, but it definitely helps."
Review of Methylphenidate: "i started taking this medicine at age 10 for about 1 year. i took it and it made me feel really like as if i was depressed and it made me feel no hunger.i never ate until the medicine would where out by the end of the day that shen i would start binging on foods at night time. the medicine was useless. and btw i still have adhd and it doesnt affect anyone or myself."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am on 27mg Concerta. Never felt better. I have better grades because of better concentration. No anxiety or suicidal thoughts. Guess I have too much to keep me alive, that I have never had those thoughts. Only side-effect seems to be slight insomnia, but I would prefer better grades over sleep."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been using this for 5 weeks now. I was on 18mg for 4 weeks and just started 36mg. So far haven't really noticed much of a difference. I notice I was less fidgety in my lecture classes. (I'm 29 and in college) but my dose has been bumped up to 36mg so here's hoping."
Review of Concerta: "I dont know how I feel about it. I'm 21, I was diagnosed with adhd this summer.  My grades went from c's and b's to A's and deans list.  I can't say I hate it, But i can't say I love it either. I use to be this free spirt girl who was bubbly and loved to go out with my friends..  Although, I did have issues with controlling my impulsive mood swings, I still was really happy. Since taking it the past 7 months, my friends call me the cave dweller. It's sad because I'm actually content with being alone. It use to drive me nuts. I'm almost scared to talk to people i dont know My social life has gone in the dump. Nothing bothers me. It makes me get really good grades, but it takes away the passion. I feel like a computer."
Review of Bupropion: "I was prescribed this medication for anxiety but it does not seem to help nearly as well as an SSRI in that department.  I (as a female) have noticed only a small to moderate effect on sexual desire and function.  The medication works much better for my ADHD than anything I have used before, I appreciate that it works 24/7 as opposed to stimulants."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Caffeine worked better for my ADHD symptoms than Strattera did."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 29. I was first diagnosed when I was in the second grade. I first started being medicated when I was 11. Doctors tried Ritalin and I was maxed out then I was switched to Desoxyn then Adderall as a pre-teen then Strattera and Effexer. I stopped taking my meds then after my father passed away I lost it and my mother had heard about NEW miracle ADHD medicine. She begged me to talk to my therapist about it. My therapist was on board as well so I mentioned it to my psych. I have been taking Vyvanse for 4 years. I wish it was around when I was a child. Growing up wouldn't have been so hard. Thank you so very much Vyvanse."
Review of Focalin XR: "I am loving all these comments about this medication, and I thought I was the only one in the world who had these same issues. My 1lb 13 oz daughter had to have a tracheotomy in for 4 yrs got it removed and immediately began acting out, led to ODD and ADHD, went through all the medicines, I am a Nurse by the way. I found this and I am sticking to it, it does have appetite suppression effect, and only last 6 hours peak time. After 3pm after school it wears off and let me tell you its on until I give her clonidine 0.1mg tab at night(helps to sleep). I don't know where to go from here. Luck and God bless you all."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 11 year old son just started taking Vyvanse 1 month ago and I can already see the differences in his grades. He would study and do homework all week and not retain any of the information and fail test after test. Since starting Vyvanse he has passed 3 tests. I wish I would have started him on it earlier. Downside - upset stomach if I dont make him eat right after taking it. So on our way out the door we have a vyvanese and a Trail Mix bar to coat the stomach. He gets a full 7 hours."
Review of Concerta: "I took Concerta from 3rd to 11th grade, then again for about a year right after graduation, I ended up forgetting to take them for a while and just started taking them again. For me it takes about a month to actually feel the full affects of it. One thing to keep in mind though is that it doesn't help you focus on homework or work...it just helps you Focus, whether it's on homework or your emotions."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Horrible effects on teeth. My teeth are literally falling out and disentergrating!  I am scheduled to have full mouth implants."
Review of Vyvanse: "It works but I am taking low dose because it decreases appetite."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Since I've been on Concerta I've lost 9 1/2 pounds within the three months. So far I've had to go to the hospital because it has caused me to have bad anxiety. Also I can't eat, I can't sleep. Although it makes me sick everyday and I have depression, my grades have gone up. So I guess it helps with something."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Did nothing for my ADHD. Made me aggressive and easily angered, complete change of personality for the worse."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have been taking Adderall for 5 years in total now, and about a year and a half consistently through a prescription.  My prescription, initially, was for 20 mg of Adderall IR twice a day, but after 3 months I had my dosage upped to 30 mg of Adderall IR twice a day.  Ever since the first day I took a 20 mg Adderall XR, I knew I needed it to be productive and successful during my everyday life.  Prior to being introduced to Adderall, I was kicked out of college for not maintaining a certain GPA, and knew that I needed to get my own prescription to finish college and get my degree.  Luckily I did get my prescription, and graduated last year with my B.S, in Chemistry.  Adderall has changed my life for the better and I couldn't be happier"
Review of Adderall: "For me Adderall has changed my life remarkably for the good; without Adderall I wouldn't be able to work 40 hours a week like I do as well as going to school full-time. Yes it may be a amphetamine and  produce similar euphoric highs  to meth and MDMA, however it is far different as far as when it is broken down chemically. For those who have little knowledge in chemistry, just one small change in the chemical structure to a drug that may seem so insignificant can actually change the drug dramatically when it comes to the side effects. Adderall is a very useful drug and provides many benefits with much less side effects then the other not so good drugs in its class."
Review of Guanfacine: "My son is 9 years old and was "officially diagnosed" a year ago.  He was on Focalin for 2 months, than started Concerta 18mg for 6 months.  The Concerta was going great however, he developed odd behaviors like making noises and zoning out.  He started Intuniv a month ago.  His blood pressure dropped really low which attributed to him being very tired.  We gave it to him at night and he still woke up groggy and very sleepy.  Throughout school he was dazed and tired.  He didn't find anything to laugh about and seemed out of it.  During the third week (the 3mg dosage) his therapist took him off.  Within 3 days he was laughing and having getting back to normal.  I heard great things about Intuniv and wish all of you the best of luck."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Was placed Adderall XR 20mg once a day. The first month was fantastic. I could think. I had bounds of physical energy. My mood was elevated. I had problems starting with the second month. The positive effects were no longer there and the negative ones were enhanced. I did some research and found out it was an issue with the brand. Not all generics are the same despite what everyone is told. I got Actavis brand. I found out that not only are generics allowed to differ in potency by 60-120% (40 less potent than some or 20% more potent than some) but Actavis was allowed to use its own proprietary formulation. If you are put on Adderall XR or IR be cautious about what generic you get. Some work way better than others."
Review of Bupropion: "I have been on Wellbutrin for several months and am amazed at how it has helped my ADD. My anxiety and sense of being overwhelmed is so much better. However, I'm finding that 4 to 5 hours after taking my pill I am having severe dizziness to the point where I feel like I"m going to pass out and all my limbs are about to go completely limp. It almost feels like an out-of-body experience and I'm losing control. Not good since today it happened while driving my car - lasted for about an hour and then subsided. It's happened many times during the day while I've been at my desk working. So, I see my doctor this Thursday and am hoping that I won't have to go off it. The side effects of the stimulants that I've tried have been horrible."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Works better than Concerta for ADHD-IA for attentiveness as well as alertness. Far superior to Concerta in regards to affecting sleep. Vyvanse doesn't keep you awake. Also seems to contrast greatly to Concerta's method of dealing with attentiveness. Makes a less "zombie-like" state of concentration and lets you break task when needed. An added effect is that of a more positive sense of well-being; most likely attributed to its amphetamine-based nature.The greatest advantage is the delayed release into the body. Great for those whose metabolisms don't react well to Adderall XR or Concerta. Only wished it lasted about two hours longer in the body, but adapting dose time is acceptable."
Review of Modafinil: "I had been on Concerta in high school for questionable ADHD diagnosis, and it had a VERY minimal benefit. So minimal that after 2 school years it was determined my problem was probably more attributable to being "smarter than your average bear" and I just was not being challenged in my non-honours and non-dual credit classes. Made it through Uni and my doctorate degrees OK by overloading my schedule and surviving on coffee and caffeine tabs, taking 18 hr semesters instead of the rec'd 12-15 hrs.Fast forward to a few yrs later, I have been on Adderall for about 4 mo, titrating to the perfect dose of 25mg at 8am & 5mg at noon. Was switched to modafinil B/C my anorexia nervosa and I can't wake up, get out of bed, finish reading an email. Hate it!"
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been using 70 mg Vyvanse and it was working perfectly for a month, in fact, it still works.  The problem is that my blood pressure, which was perfect, went up 30 points in a month and now I'm at risk for high blood pressure. Also, I lost weight which I must gain back now.  I'm only 16 and this is bad. I'm lean and athletic and have never had any health issues until this. Besides all of this, I really like Vyvanse and hopefully won't have to stop taking it."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have been diagnosed with 4 separate and distinctly different forms of depression. In addition to my taking Wellbutrin, I am taking 68mg of Concerta daily.  I have had at least 5 other ADHD medications over the course of the past year. Concerta is definitely the best of all of them.  I have experienced little side effect to this medication.  My side effects come from the Wellbutrin.  Concerta should be considered for any one who suffers from ADHD or depression.  It is a great drug."
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvanse changed my son's behavior even the first day, and he has taken Vyvanse daily for 2.5 years.  He was six when he started.  I also started taking Vyvanse, and just wish this had been around when I was a student."
Review of Adderall XR: "The first month I took this was perfect. Better focus, better moods, more productive and was able to process info better. Then I got my refill and things got bad. Those particular ones messed with my breathing, made my mind race, so focusing was even harder than before I ever took meds for focus, horrible anxiety and paranoia. I know these two prescriptions were technically supposed to be the same, but they certainly were not the same! This stuff felt like either completely different medicine or it was made from some dirty dirt cheap ingredients. They were both Actavis, but something just wasn't right with that refill. I didn't even go a full week taking those. I felt heartbroken because the first one worked so well."
Review of Strattera: "So far so good. Been taking about a week now & no noticeable side effects. Had to quit Adderall due to symptoms in re my heart. I have High Blood Pressure & ended up in ER for a myriad of strange & scary heart-related issues. PCP wanted me off Adderall since it's a stimulant & suggested Strattera as it is a SNRI. I take a SSRI for depression without incident so with this new one I guess time will tell."
Review of Adderall: "I just had to write and tell you that I feel like I should be a commercial for Adderal XR.  I am like every other typical mom.  I work part-time, go to school part-time, lead a Brownie Troop, take care of 2 children, a husband and a dog. All while keeping up with the normal household events.  Adderal XR has reformed my life and I am amazed by the difference it has made for me.  I am now able to keep a level head and prioritize.  I don't know how I lived without it.  Thank you Adderal XR."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Personally, I hated it.During my time on ADHD medication I was almost always in trouble at school, failing classes, suffered from mood swings, from the first grade to the end of the ninth grade and also looked anorexic during that time. Once I got off the medication, I could finally feel like a human being and was happy, but I gained a surprising amount of weight that (5'9" and 110lbs to 5'9" and 162lbs) I have spent the next three almost four years trying to replace the fat with muscle. Getting off the medication was the best thing to happen to me as I could actually pass my classes and graduate high school."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been diagnosed with ADHD and since then my life have been a total wreck. I didn't get any work done in school or focused on anything also forgetting a lot of things frequently.  I went to my psychiatrist and she prescribed me Vyvanse 30mg. The first day I took it I felt AWESOME I focused more and I was very talkative which is normal for me, anyways no change there. But since I'm 5'9 and 230lbs I need the weight loss so that's good for me. Right now I double dosed because I want this to last longer not until 12p.m."
Review of Intuniv: "My son took generic for about 6 months. His dr actually prescribed it to him to help him sleep. He has ADHD combined type with emotion dysregulation. I actually can't believe it was prescribed to help control ADHD behaviors. My son was taking Vyvanse during the day then Guafacine at night. It made him extremely irritable and tired. I took him off both of the meds. He's hyper but a whole lot less frustrated that's for sure"
Review of Adderall: "This drug completely ruined my life.  I started taking the drug when I was 12..till about 25. Everything I have done academically has been due to adderall. I have a degree in I/T and am working on a civil eng. masters degree. Don't get it confused, you can be fine for a year or even years on this drug..but it will catch up to you. After I quit taking itI  was back to a 12 year old academically and professional performance wise. It made my real ADHD 10x worse w/o the drug and gave me crippling anxiety. I quit taking it and developed a cocaine problem then a drinking problem that almost killed me. I attribute each of these addictions to being on legal speed for 13 years..It's speed - there is  no way around it."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 15 year old female. I started taking Vyvanse around 5 months ago. When I first started taking it I saw a difference immediately. I was always on 50mg. It made me very irritable and emotional the first times I took it. Currently, I've been taking this for a few months and it is starting to become less effective on me. I am now starting to double up my doses taking 50mg to 100mg a day. It gets me through the day and keeps me awake. Not to mention excellent grades in school."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "First started off on 30 mg for ADHD and OCD. I have noticed a complete 180 in just two and a half weeks and not just with concentration but my mood of frustration and confusion. In beginning it did make me tired but that has gone and I've actually had have dose increase to 60 mg. Overall, great medication for me."
Review of Vyvanse: "I started taking Vyvanse about 2 weeks ago. I am 14 years old I have noticed a huge difference and school and my grades have good from d's and f's to a's and b's. I LOVE YOU VYVANSE"
Review of Atomoxetine: "My 8 year old son has ADHD and was put on this medication. Well the entire family thinks it's the best thing for him. We notice right away if he hasn't taken his medicine, as soon as he wakes up. It didn't really help calm him down, but more helps him focus clearly. We have seen a drastic change in school as well. I would tell anyone who has ADHD about it."
Review of Ritalin: "Ritalin has changed my life for the better. Family and friends could see how happy I was. I was able to finish what I started instead of 20 progject. A fill in Dr said he would not prescribed me my Ritalin because I was 61years old that I was too old. My regular dr is out of town. I am withdrawing and very tired and depressed and I want to die or I will if. These thoughts of after life will be painless live alone and no one will find me for days"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "this is my first day taking it, but i am calm and focused, just like i always imagined normal people are. 10 stars!"
Review of Bupropion: "Diagnosed with ADHD at age 21 I was unable to take the typical agents used to treat ADHD namely stimulants. Wellbutrin XL has been a godsend for me to help a battle some of the ADHD symptoms without the nasty side effects in come down blouse of stimulants."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 7 year old was placed on this for ADHD. Although it did wonders for his academic progress as if a light was instantly turned on. His personality changed. He went from occasional outbursts to full blown temper tantrums, hitting, swearing. Like he was posessed by the devil. He couldn't sleep for days. Needless to say he is off it. We are now trying foclain. Not as many emotional problems. But not as focused. We'll hopefully find the right one."
Review of Mydayis: "Meh. I was on Vyvanse, 70 mg/day & switched to Mydayis 25 mg/day. NOT what I was hoping for. Not by a Long Shot. While it "lasts longer" than VYVANSE (was on Vyvanse for years) which only gave me about 5/6 hours in the end, it gives me MUCH LESS motivation. Makes me depressed. I'm Very Sorry I did not only get Only a 2 week supply rather than 1 month. I have no insurance & it was about $100 more than Vyvanse. Needless to say, I will request Vyvanse again at my next appt. BIG DISAPPOINTMENT."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Ritalin is a great medication for ADHD.  I stay focused and on task.  I am on 10 mg. up from 5 mg, which wasn't quite optimal. "
Review of Atomoxetine: "I had such high hopes for this med to work out but it simply does not do it for me. I have suffered with ADD my entire life and after being over medicated on anti-depressants, bi-polar meds and anxiety meds my neurologist put me on this. I did not want to take another drug that could possibly become addictive however now that I have been on it for 8 months and get almost no relief I do plan on switching to something different. It may work for some but did not do well for me personally."
Review of Metadate CD: "I've been taking stimulants for ADD almost all of my life... Except for high school - man, did, I fall apart then. Parents, never take your children off these medicines if they're on them for a reason and doing well. I'd continue the route. This medicine is alright but I do not like the "come down" of it at all. Makes me very irritable and angry, then extremely depressed. It does give me a burst of energy which gets me motivated to start doing things and what not - which I like, but, just the come down is brutal. I don't like methylphenidate. I want to try Adderall as I heard it is less intense. Anyways, make sure you drink a lot of water on this medication and try to eat something."
Review of Intuniv: "I have to say, I am ALL FOR INTUNIV. My husband and I tried EVERYTHING for my step-son's ADHD. He had a history of seizures, but we still tried the medicines that cause them. This is how desperate we were. My step-son is 7 years old, and was suspended from school. He hit, kicked, screamed, cried, etc. My husband was called to get him from school countless times. It was exhausting. His school finally told us, in no uncertain terms, he was not welcome at the school unless we got his behavior under control. We switched his schools, and his new school rated a child's behavior with colors every day. Green, purple, yellow, and red. Obviously, my step-son brought home yellow and red every day. One day my husband got a call to come get him from school. He had thrown a fit and run in front of a car trying o escape his teacher. My husband finally said enough was enough and brought him back to the doctor. He was put on Intuniv. Here comes the miracle! Within two weeks he was like a different child! Green card EVERY day! Helpful, polite, CONTENT! I can%u2019t believe it. He is, granted, still a 7 year old boy. But his ADHD is FINALLY under control!"
Review of Concerta: "I've been using this for 5 weeks now. I was on 18mg for 4 weeks and just started 36mg. So far haven't really noticed much of a difference. I notice I was less fidgety in my lecture classes. (I'm 29 and in college) but my dose has been bumped up to 36mg so here's hoping."
Review of Atomoxetine: "It makes me calm but I'm tired all the time."
Review of Bupropion: "I am an adult male in my 40s. I was very distracted, anxious and sexually had a driven behavior, almost addicted to it. It made me had problems with my personal relationships, fortunately sports became a scape, but still it was a concern. I was diagnosed ADHD and received  Strattera for almost a year. It improved everything in my life but I always had a headache specially in the afternoon. My psychiatrist recommended Wellbutrin 150 once a day and then twice a day. It worked with me, I am not as focused as with Strattera but happier with no headaches . I take the first dose at 7.00 am and the second at 3.00 pm. If I cannot take it before that time I prefer to miss that dose, otherwise I can't sleep at night.  "
Review of Adderall XR: "I love Adderall.  I'm 38 years old and a very accomplished and successful person.  I started taking Adderall this year and it has done wonders for my productivity.  It makes me sad that I hadn't discovered it earlier in my life.  To think what I could have accomplished.  Like a lot of people I start 10 things and finish none.  Adderall helps me stay on task.  It's like responsibility in a pill."
Review of Methylphenidate: "It keeps me from wanting to put my head through walls. "
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My 7 year old who has had epilepsy since age 1 was diagnosed with ADHD about a year ago.  We recently started him on Focalin XR as his first form of treatment.  A little afraid of the side effects because he has had severe side effects in the past from various seizure medicines, but once we found the right seizure medicine for him he's been seizure free.  Our next task was of finding an ADHD medicine that would work well with the seizure medicine -this was a bit frightening.  He's been on Focalin for about a month and it really is a wonder drug.  I have a goal in life to keep my kids off drugs, but I've accepted that some medicines are needed in children.  This stuff is a blessing to my family and most importantly to my son."
Review of Concerta: "My 4th grade son began taking Concerta 2 1/2 weeks ago. It has been the best decision I ever made. His teacher says he is a completely different child. His funny personality remains but he is on task, finishes all his homework in class, and actually tells other children to quite down. I lamented for many, many months about whether or not to have him begin a stimulant. It is obvious that it was the right decision. I make sure he eats a hearty breakfast. He knows he needs to push himself to eat something at lunch and drink plenty of fluids. He did tell me he felt "prickles in his head" for the first 2 days. His teacher reported he was a little tired for a couple days as well. He says his mind is more clear and "not so jumbled". We're thrilled"
Review of Intuniv: "I'm ADD, no H included. My 11 year old daughter is also ADD. Ritalin has always worked just fine for me however, I decided to try intuniv after my Dr. prescribed it for my daughter, saying that it was better because it wasn't habit forming and that it wasn't a stimulant. After 2 weeks of feeling extremely tired I then began to have headaches, feel like I was going to collapse at any given moment, and couldn't even drive due to the extreme comatose state I felt I was in. My vision also became blurred and I was very dizzy. I can see how this medication might benefit someone with ADHD as it lowers blood pressure and seems to slow the person down but I don't recommend it for ADD. It was a miserable nightmare! I took my daughter off it as well."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was diagnosed in my late 40's with ADD.  Dr. Put me on Strattera which was fine except for the severe nausea in the morning even taking it with breakfast.  Just could not deal with that so was switched to Concerta.  Loved it.  No side affects.  Could be off of it on the weekends and go back on it on Mondays with no issues.  Dosage was 36mg.  About 5 years of taking it and perfectly happy.  Switched insurance company and continued with my medication then as of the first of the year will no longer cover Concerta.  They want me to try all the cheaper formularies.  Now I am struggling with all the other options they have provided and no success.  Doesnt make sense!"
Review of Adderall: "Took XR but IR is a little heavy for me. Now I split my meds in half 5mg 2-3 times a day. Duration seems better than XR. I take lamictal as well. IR helps me get more done but I don't feel personally that the good outweigh the bad. I have reached a norm. Weight. I eat healthier I look healthier. And I take better care of my body. At first - dry skin slightly, hyper focused (my body did not know how to react) I smelT AWFUL at first! Haha I sweat it out ew! I can't find this side effect anywhere. It can take a toll if you don't take care of your body. Stay healthy."
Review of Modafinil: "Provigil works great for energy, as well as ADD. I also suffer from Major Panic Disorder, and depression. This medicine gives me such a boost with no side effects, other then a little mood change late in the evening. I recently lost my health insurance due to my divorce, and could not afford it for 6 months, and what a difference I felt, no energy, and I slept more then ever. I think this medication is over priced, by all means, especially for people that it really works for and helps them though. The insurance company's need to cover this medicine, especially when it helps people with ADD and depression, and gives them energy that helps motivate them."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My daughter see and hear things that are not there.  She has been taking concerta 36mg for over a year.  But all of a sudden, she is so scared of everything.  "
Review of Kapvay: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD in 1st grade. He's now in 6th. We've tried so many meds...Concerta, Intuniv, Focalic, Metasomethingoranother, and more. The stimulants caused massive mood swings. And the other stuff just didn't work well either. He's now on Kapvay, the generic form of it, and so far, so good. He takes .1 mg in the morning and we just increased evening to .2mg. The only trouble we've had is sleep. He falls asleep but wakes up by 4am. And then, doesn't fall back to sleep until 6 but has to be awake by 7:30. So, right now, he's texting me to bring him coffee. Not sure what to do about the lack of sleep but I'm really happy with how he's responding otherwise. The mood swings have lessened. Now they just seem tween-typical."
Review of Intuniv: "This slow release medication works 100% better than taking guanfacine three times a day.  We still need find a way to tweak my sons evenings, but its tolerable."
Review of Vyvanse: "This is the third medicine my daughter has been on this year. Although the other two worked for her ADHD the side effects where not very great. Vyvanse has worked all the way around for her. I am very pleased to have finally found something that has worked for her."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I can focus so much easier now, my thoughts are manageable and I can keep them straight in a way I never have beforethe only downsides are I am basically emotionless and it's difficult for me to let loose and have fun. Also another problem is when I miss a day I turn into a lunatic, like I am hyperactive, running on pure energy and unable to control what comes out of my mouth (thank God my teachers are cool!)."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was diagnosed three years ago with adult ADD (and I'm 46!). First was prescribed Adderall, but I found that even the slow-release capsule wore off quickly, leaving me exhausted and crashing at work, scarfing down cups of coffee. My doctor switched me by Vyvanse, and it's been much, much better. I am better able to focus, it lasts longer. However, it still doesn't get me through the whole day and I find I'm extremely tired at night. Also, sometimes I get caught up in the trivial details of both work and home projects. But on the whole, I am FAR better off since I began Vyvanse. I wish that 70mg was not the highest recommended amount, but I stick to it."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My experience was one of "thank goodness" until 17 days after. Now I am VERY irratable with little or no patience. I am seeing my doctor today for an update and will ask him to let me try (again) Dexedrine. I did not want to go off of it but I think because Vyvanse is new, well you can fill in the rest. The Dexedrine has been around for a long time and I feel it is above and beyond others with knowing what to expect all the time. Good luck to all of you. God Bless."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Strattera was like water through my system, dirty water; did nothing except give me terrible distress: Stomach aches, terrible constipation, nausea, constant dry heaves, and, at last, vomiting that almost had me fail my last school semester. Oh, did I mention the irritability at all the side effects?Had to quit cold turkey"
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been taking this medicine for my ADHD and in the first couple of days I have lost five pounds. I don't know if this is normal and I am trying to find that out. I also have stomach aches all day long with loss of appetite. I'll get lightheaded some times. But it does help me concentrate on what I am doing and say focused."
Review of Concerta: "I'm a 22 year old male and I've been on Concerta for a week now.  Like another person said below, so this is what it feels like to be normal.  It is such a relief to be able to access my brain when I want it.  I am able to put sentences together without struggling to get it out.  I'm able to motivate myself easily.  It almost feels like time moves slower, I don't feel rushed anymore.  People are able to talk to me without me interrupting to blurt out what I was thinking.  I can sit down and start something and continue to do it until it's done. I don't have the urge to jump up and do something else.  But I also feel really draggy when I get home and the meds start to wear off, it's actually very frustrating."
Review of Atomoxetine: "The first day I took an 18mg pill. I was tired during the day, so I stopped. My doctor suggested I try again, this time taking 5mg before bed. After a few days of feeling tired all day, I realized something was very wrong. I also read that there is a possible interaction with Wellbutrin XL, which I am also taking. I stopped the Strattera and am back to "normal" again."
Review of Bupropion: "I have always had such a hard time learning and was diagnosed with depression by the age of 8. After trying many antidepessants nothing worked for me besides Bupropion. Not only am I confident and happy again, I'm able to actually understand information that I am learning unstead of it going in and out as I focus. It has helped me achieve time and time again my goals. I recently graduated from college and am so impressed where I stand today. I have taken 300mg mg with another ADH medication. Once my doctor took me off of it due to unrelated problems and everything in my life fell through the.floor. My grade went from a B down to a D. My personality went from happy to bitchy. Once I started taking it again, everything is went back to normal."
Review of Methamphetamine: "This medication is not indicated for ADHD or ADD in adults. It is neurotoxic and highly addictive. Comments to the contrary are idiotic. As an attorney, I've seen dozens of parents choose desoxyn ("methamphetamine") over their kids. It should only be used as a last resort for central sleep disorders such as narcolepsy. Even for narcolepsy, the maximum indicated dose is 60mg, not 70."
Review of Vyvanse: "Did absolutely nothing for me. Even on the highest dose 70 mg. now taking Adderall 30 mg 2xday. Works only minimally. Now what."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I think this may be my third review of Strattera, I still give it a high rating because all in all it has done what it was supposed to do. I've had some bad migraines, while on it, and I've gone off it a few times, because I couldn't fill the script or felt like it wasn't working, but I have always come back to taking it in the past four years. My current dose is 25mg, and I also take Adderall, 10mg twice a day. If I had to describe Strattera, it is a great focus/ motivation medication, but it also ups the anxiety, and adderall seems to up it even more. My doctor really doesn't have another solution than to take ativan. Coffee makes Strattera worse, but sometimes it won't kick in without the morning coffee."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I started taking Adderall XR 12 days ago and I love it. I immediately started focusing better. I now feel great when I wake up knowing that I will be able to get things done that have been put off for so long. My memory and self esteem have improved dramatically. Only side effects I am experiencing are dry mouth and mild headaches."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "It is essentially the only medicine that has been prescribed for me for ADD, so I cannot compare it to others.  However, I feel it is very effective.  I have found greater success varying the strength over time rather than staying with a single dosage level."
Review of Strattera: "I'm giving it a 5 for the moment. I just started it last week and it looks like I'll have to commit at least 2-3 months to see if it really helps. The first week, I was on 25mg and I could feel the change in productivity and lack of procrastination. However, when talking to people, I almost felt like I was over focusing which resulted in not hearing what they were saying at all. I did have a couple of days of facial flushing and water retention.Today I started 60mg and I haven't been as lethargic and tired in a long time! I got hardly anything done. My eyes were burning because I just wanted to sleep. I felt down on myself for being so lazy."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "It helped me control every aspect of my ADD. The only drawback is the short life of the medicine in your system before the half life begins."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I've been taking Mydayis for about 2 weeks.I was diagnosed with ADHD 7 yrs ago and took Adderall XR 30mgs +10mgs every day. Even though it helped me in many ways it also made me anti-social, anxious, over use it sometimes and very thirsty at all times.For those reasons I decided to try something else (Mydayis 37.5). Honestly, I feel much more motivated, my energy increased, I'm not longer anti-social, no crash, and most importantly I can focus well.For about a week I had some side effects, (increased heart beat, couldn't sleep, focus well high BP) so give it some time to adjust. I also read that most people that switched from Vyvanse to Mydayis are suffering from depression. Be careful"
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Works well for my ADD but DON'T ever mix with alcohol! I am an alcoholic who comes from a alcoholic background handed down several generations of my family tree. I take my Dex. as prescribed (5 mg 3x daily, a small dose by choice compared to 45 mg 3x daily  when I was younger and not in charge of my own health needs) But when I binge drank I would always mix the alcohol with Dex. up to 50 mg a night  so I could keep drinking. Lost many friends, wife, and the the respect of too many due to my actions, aggressions, combativeness stances and so on. Alcoholics beware. I'm sober now and take it one day at a time. I still take my Dex. but ONLY as prescribed. I am 35 and have taken it since age 12."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Just recently discovered I have inattentive type ADD at age 32. I first tried 10mg Vyvanse, it worked very good for 8hrs. I really needed to bump up to 30mg to hit the expected DoE (duration of effectiveness) of 12hrs. Unfortunately, Vyvanse raised my blood pressure to 140's at times, so that was a no go. Next, concerta 18mg, made me drowsy like benadryl. Now I am on this ampheta/dextro 10mg tab. My first day I took 10mg in the morning and 10mg at lunch, I felt overly stimulated. My thinking did not improve, I had minor tics (I kept licking my lips and flexing my eyebrows/forehead, lol). Tomorrow I will try 5mg and see how that goes. !"
Review of Focalin XR: "My son started haveing behavior problems in pre school. We had some teachers put up with it while the next year another wouldn't. They'de go out of their way to displine him,cause face it their human and just didn't like him. He still got straight a's and b's.  We decided hey he's just hyped he has good grades we re not gonna dope our kid up. We'll we moved he went to a new school where teachers didn't know him and they started letting him fall behind. In principles office everday. Then we found foclin it was night and day.They put him in special classe last three months of year. By the end of three months they had already decided he didn't need the classes and for three years now a lilltle babytalk no incidents or trips to office."
Review of Vyvanse: "Been using this medication for almost 2 years now, absolutely no side effects. Even noticed an improvement in general nervous system and HRV with the meds. Huge difference from the ritalin and concerta which gave me various allergic(increased body temps, skin issues) and "intimate" issues. No such issues with this medication. Using 60mg most of the year, but 30mg in summers, since I don't need that much when there is no requirements to what I need to get done. Lowering dose also helps with sociability for me, whereas higher doses gives me extreme focus and drive to stay on task."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Oldest son (now 11 1/2) known to us (and teachers) to have ADHD by 5 yrs of age. Did not want him on medicines, but by 2nd grade, he was not able to work to his potential. Tried Focalin. Made my sweet, funny child nauseous and zombie like. We both cried every morning while he took it. Tried for 2 months, said "forget it, not worth it. Next 4 years - no medicines at all, just great teachers and A LOT of work to keep his grades/other issues with ADD on track as best we could. EXTREMELY difficult especially for him to maintain/not stay stressed out at school/doing homework/projects/sports. Middle school began this year. Too much to handle without something. Began DAYTRANA-10 mg at Xmas. Works wonders for him! No side effects except less appetite!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I've been using Adderall for a few months. I have extreme depression along with ADD. I was taking Zoloft before and was scared that the Adderall might counteract with my Zoloft and make ma a zombie or suicidal. Well, the first few days of taking Adderall, I was light headed, weak, and didn't eat. After a few days of throwing up I finally took to the drug. My grades are going up in school. I'm losing weight. This drug really is turning my life around. The main reason I was on it was to concentrate and get my grades up. Adderall allows me to bring my grades up."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "This is an excellent medication for true ADHD. I've been on Dexedrine for over 10 years, and it continues to consistently work as much today as it did when I first started it. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son is 10 yrs old and has ADHD. He has been on the patch for 4-5 months and the only side effects that he has is a redness where the patch was. Other than that, its a miracle patch. His grades have doubled and the lowest grade he has gotten is one C. He wears it from 5:30am-3:30pm. I love it, it calms him down and he is happy to do his homework. I can only praise this medicine. Some will give negative and positive reviews about the patch because it will effect everyone differently."
Review of Vyvanse: "When I first started on Vyvanse (30 mg) I thought it was a miracle.  I was social, energetic, and losing a lot weight.  After about 6 months on it (40 mg) things started to change, I began having horrible crashes where I would experience depression, OCD type behavior, and thoughts of suicide.  Trying to get off it it brought about terrible withdrawal symptoms; I gained a lot of weight, was lifeless, and extremely depressed.  I really wish I never started this drug. I noticed a lot of people loving this drug have only been on it for a short amount of time, so come back and update your review when you have taken it for 6 months to a year.  The rebound affect of stopping it has been awful."
Review of Focalin XR: "I was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 5. My parents stopped medication a few years later. I was re-evaluated at as 25 and given Focalin XR. I have been on it for 8 years and have nothing but great things to say about it. I feel focused and in control when on it. When I'm off it, time drags by and I can't seem to finish anything. I haven't experienced many side effects. Periodically have less of an appetite and occasionally clinch my teeth but other than that, all is well."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I've been on Vyvanse for 2 years. I started on 50mg. I was on that dose for about 6 months, tapered down to 30mg for a few months, and found a happy medium at 40mg. 50mg was too strong and 30mg was too weak. I have a pretty severe case of ADD. For an adult, I never thought ADD would be an issue. I finally saw my doctor who prescribed me Vyvanse. Vyvanse was the first pill I've ever taken for my ADD and it's seriously improved my life immensely. Biggest side effects for me are increased anxiety, OCD tendencies, insomnia, and frequent mood issues after taking it. The ultimate biggest con for me is price. My insurance pays very little. It's around $250 per month."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Take in the morning before breakfast. Take any other medications after breakfast. Works best for me this way."
Review of Dexedrine: "My 15 yo son who has innattentive ADHD was taking adderall since 7th grade.  He is now in 10th.  For the longest  time  he has been having anger issues, he is easily  irritated by other students talking in class, noise on the bus, and his  7 year  old sister.  I was desperately searching online for meds to help with anger with ADHD and asp and found this site. Reading all the  comparisons of adderall and dexedrine, others having the same situation and most improving on the dex I hoped  that his problem was the adderall.  Went  to the doctor told her all of the above.  She seemed a little skeptical about it but was willing  to give it a try.  I don't  want to jinx myself or my son but so far so good even helped sister with homework."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My parents took me in for testing in 5th grade because of lacking in school, failing at best. A few years later in high school I went to my therapist for extreme anxiety and my PCP diagnosed me with ADHD. I was put on strattera at age 16. Worked amazing almost right away. My only side effects were extreme dry mouth for a few weeks and loss of appetite . I also lost about 20 pounds. Which I was pleased with because I've always struggled with being over weight. I was doing better in school.  Being able to focus on papers and projects and for the first time even doing my homework and turning it in on time. My self confidence grew tremendously also. I made better eating choices and wasn't anxious. Now 25 and starting again! No side effects so far"
Review of Vyvanse: "I took Vyvanse 50mg for about 4 months. As I started the medication everything was going great and I was focused. However, I was an emotional wreck while on it. People at work thought I was going crazy because I was angry at silly things, which is not my personality at all. Vyvanse seemed to work good in the mornings but wore off around 1pm. I took it around 7:30am. The medication really depends on what you eat. 12 hours is not true for me. I don't know about you but I don't have time to make sure I eat this type of food for dinner and this type for breakfast just so my my medicines will work. Some days the Vyvanse would not work at all and I didn't get anything done. Vyvanse also caused hair loss and turned grey. I'm 25 yrs old."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 21 years old, and have been on Vyvanse for 5 months (40mg). Compared to other medications its more evenly released throughout the day and seems to last around 8 or 9 hours. I would definitely suggest giving it a month before you completely ban it, because it did take getting use to (like any medication). It can effect your sleep depending on the time of day you take your medication. It hasn't decreased my appetite, but in the beginning I would forget to eat- as long as you get on a routine eating schedule though you should be fine. It made me slightly irritable in the beginning, but like I said give it some time and it seems to even out."
Review of Strattera: "I've been taking Strattera since I was finally diagnosed in February with predominately inattentive type ADHD and I think I might stop taking it altogether. It's helped with my attention span a little, but the side effects largely overshadow this. I have never experienced such agonizing headaches since I started taking this medication, to the point where I've had to call off work several times because I'm so nauseous from the pain. It might just be the combination of medications (I also take Wellbutrin, Zoloft, and Trazodone), but I'd rather live without the headaches than continue taking Strattera hoping it will one day work."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Ive been on zenzedi for over a year. 20 mg twice a day, brand name. Its really changed my life. I went on adderall for 1 month to see if I liked it better, and tried Ritalin and both were garbage in comparison. This medication makes me want to get up in the morning and start working on homework. I clean, study efficiently, and just function better. In the past year my GPA has risen to above 3.0, and my critical thinking abilities have skyrocketed. Naturally, long term use of any amphetimine is scary but I see my therapist every couple months and all is okay so far!"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "Im a 17 year old girl and focalin was the first medication I ever used to treat my ADHD. It was the worst! Like many others, I felt extremely anxious. I also constantly would feel unattached to the world. Even worse, it didn't even help me focus! I was too busy having overwhelming feelings of anxiety to be focused. However, I wouldn't say you shouldn't try this medication as it seems to work for others. I just know that if you feel any sense of anxiety, it's abnormal. I'm on vyvanse now and I have no problems with anxiety. Just a few minor symptoms, but it works great."
Review of Amantadine: "Primary related symptom was mild cognitive impairment: memory in particular, almost entirely episodic memory (autobiographical memory: stuff that's happened to you, including events, names, etc.) & short-term memory. Thought I was developing Alzheimers. Severe enough to derail career, finally lost ability to work. Amantadine effects: built slowly, subtle but noticeable improvement in memory over 6 month period. Huge improvement after 2 yrs. Problems remain in calibrating decline & improvement; I've certainly improved some functionality enormously: can remember day-to-day events, plans, commitments; can remain aware of what I'm doing, keep up focus; can multi-talsk (limited but definite) so I can interrupt & resume interrupted activities..."
Review of Strattera: "This medication was not a good match for me. I was dizzy, nauseous and sleepy. I had to move very slowly in order not to make side effects worse. I only took one 45mg dose. I was given a verbal list of possible side effects from the pharmacist. I tried to keep an open mind as everyone may not experience negative side effects but in this case I did. I am an adult with ADD so I was prescribed this to help symptoms of inattention. The side effects lasted 24 hrs."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was prescribed Vyvanse to combat daily fatigue caused by autonomic dysfunction. It treats those symptoms very well, but prolonged use has a large impact on my mood and personality. By the 2nd week, I was feeling very sad all day every day. A strange side effect that I encountered was that it made my armpits quite literally drip with sweat. The only other bothersome side effect is that it initially kept me up until 5/6 am, but that was remedied with 0.1mg Clonidine before I went to bed. I'm sure this medicine works very well for those with ADD and ADHD, as that is what it is designed for. If you are looking for a solution to chronic fatigue caused by autonomic dysfunction, you may want to consider other options."
Review of Vyvanse: "In England my mother took me to the doctor and being a nurse herself knew I had ADHD.  The doctors wanted to put me on Ritalin but my mother said no, I would grow out of it eventually. In the US my attention from high school through college became worse, and I got into a lot of trouble. My grades were horrible in high school through college, even work. I had to take classes two to three times over again. The only way I would remember daily things was to write it down.  Now at 41, I got help, and I am able to focus, complete tasks, remember without asking ten times, and sit still.  It's never too late for help.  Just wish I would of done this 35 years ago. My anger has subsided also with no side effects."
Review of Intuniv: "My son was diagnosed ADHD in 4th grade, he's now in 7th. Since that time we've tried many medications. We finally settled on Metadate, and it worked great, but we kept having to up the dosage, until he's now on 60mg. The doctor recommended adding Intuniv to the Metadate. He was cranky and irritable the first week, but now at week 3 and 2mg dosage, the crankiness seems to be getting better. What I have seen with Intuniv is that he's very difficult to get up in the mornings. But on a good note, if I miss the Metadate medication, his behavior is still pretty good. He's not bouncing all over the house. When he's on both the medications, he's doing really good. I do have hopes to eventually get him off the stimulant all together."
Review of Strattera: "Diagnosed with Depression and Anxiety, found symptoms lessened with Wellbutrin XR. Year later diagnosed with adult ADHD, all ADD with little HD. Started Strattera and felt a slight improvement in focus, but also felt distant and flat. Stopped Strattera due to severe constipation. Tried Adderall, little effect on focus and concentration, and turned into a Chatty Cathy. I did sleep better than ever though. Next, Ritalin with close to the same effects, but without the great sleep. Back to Strattera to give it another shot, constipation lessened, but still feel that it is not helping with the ADD. Considered adding Adderall or Ritalin in with, but Doctor now recommending psych evaluation to look deeper. Scary, but necessary."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "40mg Vyvanse kept me awake all day, however, from the moment I took the 30mg dose I could stay awake and focused for 12 hours strait and still sleep at night. If I had this medicine in High School my life today would be 100% different. I would have excelled in academics and done much better sports. "
Review of Vyvanse: "I was on Vyvance for just under 1 year.  It worked really well.  However as the year went on my mouth got dryer and dryer, until I could only eat soft foods.  I talked to the Doctor and I went off them in the middle of January.   About 3 weeks ago I started a new med called AdderallXR and I can feel my mouth is starting to dry but not like the Vyvance.  While in the USA I found some mini "brush on the go" toothbrushes made by Colgate, called Wisp Max Fresh.  With dryness my teeth always feel like I have a film on them.  Today I used one of the brushes and and it really made my teeth and the dryness feel better.  No  need for water or rinsing.  Maybe I can cut down on the gum and candy. We'll see!"
Review of Intuniv: "My six-year-old grand daughter has been on Intuniv for nearly two weeks. She has Asperberger's Syndrome and ADHD. So far I have seen no improvement, but still hold out hope. What I have seen to date is extreme tiredness and irritability. She has always been an excellent sleeper, but now goes to sleep around 9:00pm only to awaken at 4:01am (with only three minutes variance on either side) and unable to return to sleep until around 6:00am. Then awakens at 7:00am irritable and confrontational. She has developed circles under her eyes and is exhausted for the entire day. She is also on Ability --  2.5mg per day (down from the 5mg she was taking prior to beginning the Intuniv."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I've taken Adderall for 2 years. The first 6 months, worked very well. Balanced me out, kept me focused & side effects were minimal. But, the efficiency of Adderall has really gone down in my experience. I often find myself hyper focusing on things I don't need to & the side effects have gotten much worse. Insomnia, horrible dry mouth (= more cavities), I get antsy & shaky at times & I also feel I've become dependent on it. Next doctors appointment, I will be asking to switch out to something else. Its a good medicine at first, but understand that many of the great reviews are likely written by newer Adderall users."
Review of Adderall: "I had clinical depression/anxiety for years. Worsened terribly after having 1st baby at 33. I was extremely fatigued, couldn't start or finish easy tasks, totally overwhelmed, cried constantly - major post-partum depression. Was prescribed Adderall, Wellbutrin and Zoloft. Been on all 3 for 1 year and am a completely new person. Adderall doesn't exacerbate my anxiety; in fact, I am less anxious because I can concentrate and don't feel exhausted, inadequate and unhappy. Might not work for all, but this combination is perfect for me. Upped blood pressure a bit, but still in normal range and monitored. Use with care with dose at start. I cut pills and take a bit at a time, always in the morning and only when needed during the rest of the day and never more than prescribed. I feel this lessens risk of dependency."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm a 22 year old male and I've been on Concerta for a week now.  Like another person said below, so this is what it feels like to be normal.  It is such a relief to be able to access my brain when I want it.  I am able to put sentences together without struggling to get it out.  I'm able to motivate myself easily.  It almost feels like time moves slower, I don't feel rushed anymore.  People are able to talk to me without me interrupting to blurt out what I was thinking.  I can sit down and start something and continue to do it until it's done. I don't have the urge to jump up and do something else.  But I also feel really draggy when I get home and the meds start to wear off, it's actually very frustrating."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 9 yr old son starting taking this medicine 1 month ago. He was on Medadate CD for 3 yrs before this. It has been wonderful so far.  His grades, homework time, handwriting, behavior and overall outlook on things have changed for the better.  The side effects are no appetite and trouble settling down at night but they are getting better. My only advise is to feed them a very good breakfast before giving the medicine and have good meal waiting when they come off."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was a failing student, failing math 2 times. In my junior year of high school I took Adderall for the first time, on the first day of the school year. The first day of taking it was astonishing. I was very concentrated in math class, and that's not it, I had a desire to learn once I got into class. My grades improved to the high 90 percentiles, which I never thought I'd accomplish. But there are side effects to taking Adderall. For me it's dizziness for about an hour in, headaches on occasion, and being very sleepy around afternoon. I urge parents who have kids with ADD/ADHD to let your kids try it out for a month. It might save their futures. You can skip doses as much as you like, so I don't take it on summer break or weekends."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been on Vyvanse for about 10 months.  It is an amazing drug to reduce distraction, calm the hyper/distractable me and just enjoy life a bit better.The only downside for me are two things:  firstly, the afternoon crash can suck.  I often am left feeling a little anxious or irritated.The other thing, and probably the more annoying side affect, is that is does impact my sleep.  To minimize these side affects, here are my tips that work for me:1) stop drinking coffee or other stimulants.1b) wait until you are properly awake before you take it... 2) don't drink on medication days.3) schedule your diet and stick with it.4) exercise in the morning (before taking it).5) have your no medication / chill days."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm 31 years old.  Getting diagnosed and treated for adult ADHD has had a profound effect on my life.  It's enabled me to excel at work and in my personal life.  I'm glad that people are becoming more aware of all of the possible treatments for ADHD.  I've tried a number of medicines and Concerta is definitely the best.  I would encourage anyone who is just trying any ADHD drug to give a little time.  Most minor side effects lessen after a couple months."
Review of Cylert: "I took this medicine from the mid 70's until it was banned in the US in 2005. There is no other medicine like it that I have found. A very small dose each day kept me focused and improved my memory and mood. It never affected my appetite nor kept me awake at night and there was none of the emotional roller-coaster effect I find with every other medicine I have tried since."
Review of Adderall: "Hi, I was tried to be put on Ritalin when I was 5 and it simply wasnt gonna happen w my parents.  So I continued school and still had c and d grades.  I went to a Dr, did all these tests and said I have ADD/ADHD\ w anxiety disorder.  Which was from all the MDMA abuse.  So I am on 30 mg IR adderall (the ones with the 30 on em) only ones that dont make my mouth dry and 2mg xanax 4 times a day.  Let me say I wake up everyday excited to go to work.  I used to be a hardcore tablet junkie and now since I take these two I dont drink and I dont do illegal drugs.  These two rxs Were a match made in heaven.  I take 2 green bars and 1 adderall in the morning and Im flying at work in the IT/ software field.  These two have saved my life. Best combo"
Review of Concerta: "My experience with Concerta was unbelievable. I started getting hostile with everyone, banging things, flipping things, over throwing things. I had to have the police and EMT come take me to the hospital. "
Review of Methylphenidate: ""Tried" to fill the Rx my son's Dr. had written (very first of this med) at one of the large retail store pharmacy's and... Even with a Tricare co-pay, the cost was just over $1K!!!  Needless to say, I called the Dr.'s office back immediately for another/different Rx.Talk about price-gouging!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall XR lasted no longer for me than Adderall IR. I was prescribed 30mg XR twice daily with its duration being four hours before it stopped working."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall IR had the same duration of action as Adderall XR for me. Both of them only had lasting effects for four hours and then quit."
Review of Desoxyn: "Works very good as a stimulant in the treatment. It also helps in calming the brain. Storm of thoughts without the hyperfocus that other stimulants seem to bring on."
Review of Wellbutrin SR: "Had little to no effect on my ADHD"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 45 and was diagnosed with ADD & dyslexia when i was a child. Didn't know about it until i was 40. Tried many other meds and would  highly recommend Vyvanse. The best part is not having the nervous-jittery feeling. I don't realize I am on it during the day. I am glad my doctor recommended it to me."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was trying to fall asleep for 20 minutes then I said ohh crap I forgot to take it off. So now I will be awake for 3 more hours. It is very bad if you are a busy person like me. Uggg so tired but can't sleep."
Review of Evekeo: "This medicine was horrible for me. I started off at a low dose. It gave me horrible anxiety, mood swings and horrifying negative thoughts. I would never take this medicine again."
Review of Adderall: "I have taken Adderall for over 6 yrs now. At first it was the best!  All my problems were solved. Higher concentration, longer attention span, lower appetite, more sociable.  It was awesome. But over the years the side effects have caught up to me.  Increased sweating, higher pulse rate, higher blood pressure, lower quality of sleep, dazed. My shoulder muscles are so tense all the time its almost painful.  I'm prescribed 60mg a day, and that used to be great, but now if I take more than 30 mg my sleep quality suffers to the point where I'm a zombie the next day.  Then I have to take more to feel normal, then I can't sleep again the next night.  But if I don't take it, I'm completely useless for about 4 days.  Therefore, I can't stop taking it."
Review of Intuniv: "My 13-year old son is ADHD and has oppositional defiance disorder. He takes Adderall for his ADHD and 4 months ago we added Intuniv. He complains of being tired and he is only on 1 mg of the Intuniv. I have concerns because he is becoming increasingly aggressive and emotional. I do not know if this is a side effect of Intuniv. I'll be taking him back to the doctor and I don't think we'll be continuing the Intuniv."
Review of Armodafinil: "Nuvigil works great but my insurance won't pay for it because my diagnosis is not listed. I am a 54 year old who is going to college and working full time, I am having a very difficult time staying focused and keeping up. I can't afford the medication so I have been out for weeks. My neurologists gave me samples when I was diagnosed and I ran out and so did she."
Review of Adderall XR: "I hate the loss of appetite, other than that, nothing but good things."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am a 23 year old male 175lbs, on Adderall 20mg XR. Great tool. Motivation and self-esteem awesome boost. Focused and better moods. Persistent anxiety lessened. Some grogginess but manageable so long as you eat appropriately. Minor loss of appetite.  Been on Strattera and Lexapro in past, no comparability to Adderall XR!  Absolutely recommend to others and parents."
Review of Bupropion: "Great for me. Increase my attention and help decrease my sleeping mood during a day."
Review of Adderall XR: "I have ADD caused by major depressive disorder and stimulants have done wonders for me! However, Adderall makes me feel very anxious and panicky, and I don't like it at all. It lasts a long time and sometimes I can't sleep at night because of it. Overall, it's an alright choice. Might switch back to Vyvanse"
Review of Methylphenidate: "My husband and I didn't believe in ADD. My child's doctor said that he would only medicate if my child's grades were suffering.  We postponed medication until my son was in the 5th grade and grades started plummeting. He is not hyper or misbehaved but has difficulty focusing, completing tasks and becoming overwhelmed.  We tried other medicines, but Daytrana was for us.  No fuss to take medicines.  No sudden drop in mood. No depression.  The only drawback was itchy skin, but he overcame this and difficulty removing the backing, but overtime this becomes easier. I would recommend this. Do not give up on your child.  ADD is real!"
Review of Guanfacine: "This medication had been a life changer.  Adding it to the Concerta helped with the emotional sensitivity,  fidgeting and focus.   No side effects other than a little sleepiness and that wore off after a couple weeks.We recently got the generic and it did not work nearly as well.  We had side effects from it,  but not the brand name."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am a 57 year old male who struggled through five years of college and finally gave up without getting a degree.  At home I would start projects and never finish them.  In my early forties, I finally earned a BS degree out of sheer determination.  My wife, who is a psychologist, gave me an IQ test and found that my IQ is rather high.  I started asking myself, "Why have I been an under-achiever for most of my life?"   My wife suggested that I might have ADD.  I started taking Adderall XR 20mg about 6 years ago which changed my life for the better. I am now able to finish things that I start.  Plus, I don't procrastinate nearly as much.  I now read entire books, newspaper articles, etc., without quitting part way through."
Review of Strattera: "I'm 32 and have been on this drug for about 8 months now. For me, it's been incredible. I am no longer on an emotional roller coaster and definitely more patient and no where as near irritable as I used to be. I'm on a dosage of 120 mg daily. I take it at night before I sleep. However, a possible side effect for me is hypothyroidism - but, I did have hyperthyroidism as a child so I don't know if Strattera caused it to come back as hypo or it's because of my age. I did unfortunately gain considerable weight, but with the thyroid pills, I have been slowly losing it again."
Review of Adderall XR: "Uneven throughout the day, especially noticeable dip after 4 hours or so, then wears off gradually.  The directions say to take it in the morning, but I need all day coverage (I have severe ADHD) so I need another dose around 3pm.  No insomnia problems with this usage, though I tend to go to bed late anyway (after 2am)."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Diagnosed with ADD, ever since I started taking the 5mg Dextroamphetamine tablets, it has changed my life.I can focus, I have a clear mind, and have more mental motivation, unlike how I was just over 6 months ago when I was on Strattera which gave me testicle pain. But it wasn't right for me.I've heard about friends taking Dextroamphetamine and having negative side affects which I have not experienced at all. I guess its all to do with how your body processes different medications. It may not be right for them. But there are other medications which could help those who are unable to take it."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have tried typing a response and recommendation for this medication but keep running out of space.  In short, this drug absolutely changed my life.  As adults, we all remember certain days in our life, i.e., our first kiss, graduation, birth of a child, getting married, etc.  I will always remember Saturday, December 8, 2007 as the day where my life changed because of Vyvanse.  The only side effect for me was a complete loss of appetite for about a month.  But in my case, that's not such a bad thing!  I was taking 50mg for about 6 months and now have taken 70mgs for the last 16 months."
Review of Strattera: "I have ADHD and am 27 years old.  I have been using Strattera for four months. The first month I was taking too much and made me really sleepy. After spliting the two 40mg up that worked well.  People around me that didn't know I was taking anything said I seemed more relaxed and easygoing.  "
Review of Concerta: "Better than Ritalin. "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I had been taking Adderall (generic) for approximately five years but recently switched to dextroamphetamine because it was getting so hard to get Adderall due to (as the pharmacy said) "a manufacturer backorder".But talk about serendipity; the dextroamphetamine makes me clench my jaw a LOT less than the amphetamine salts and as I begin to lose focus at the end of the day I don't get a headache to boot. So overall I have to say the dextroamphetamine is significantly better than Adderall on several levels."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son, 11, had been on Concerta for two years. We took him off of this med because he was getting very aggressive, with me and his siblings, and also kept saying he was going to kill himself."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I am 65 yrs old; and been dealing with learning disability all my life. However, only recently a clinical psychologist, who I went to for some testing, recommended Ritalin, Adderall which caused unpleasant side effects then Strattera 40 mg. Strattera has been the drug that works for me. I am definitely more focused and can stay focused on reading a book or newspaper article to completion without anxiety and frustration of having to read the same paragraph over and over again. I have always been treated with Paxil for anxiety attacks over the years but this drug seems to work better in that I am happy to feel more focused, interested and involved with everything I do and being with my kids seems to be more enjoyable for me. I EMBRACE these feelings."
Review of Vyvanse: "I started using this medication about 4 months ago. I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 5 years old. The only annoying thing about this medication is that it keeps my mouth extremely dry. I found that using hard candies (regular or sugar free) helps a lot. Vyvanse has helped me a lot, especially with my concentration. I can actually read a book without having to read the same page 3 times, but the only thing is that it feels like my blood pressure goes up, I also have tachycardia. "
Review of Strattera: "Great stuff. Like any ADD med, if you have underlying depression or anxiety, I can see how this could exacerbate it. Caffeine used to make me super depressed. Take care of your depression before starting a stimulant.Anyways, this stuff is great. Vyvanse would make me super edgy and basically feel like ripping the world's juggler out with my bare hands. This stuff feels like that peak 5 minutes of coffee where you're like 'damn I wish this could last all day!'I sleep way better, I have a ton more energy. Things done bother me as much as they used to so I can focus on my work moreHowever, you should really work out to burn it off otherwise you could get a little aggressive. I know that I really don't put up with any shit while I'm on it"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "Best thing out there for my son that is now 10 years old. We have tried several others medicine with no help. Thank God for focal in he is a new boy!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was prescribed this for ADHD that was along with bipolar disorder.  I didnt take it at first cause I was scared because I have a history of substance abuse. Finally I decided to give it a try.  The first day I took it there was a HUGE difference.  I was not as irritable as usual.  The "chatter" in my head quietened.  I was able to focus better on a few tasks.  I felt a little bit more confident than usual.  So far, I haven't had any bad things to say. I have ECT once a month which helps a little bit with my depression and bipolar, but this medication seems to do more good than any of that stuff. "
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have tried a variety of medications for ADD; including Ritalin, Adderall, Adderall XR, Dexedrine, and Strattera. Each has benefits along with side effects. After several years medicating with central nervous system stimulants (CNS) I  switched to Strattera. I found the medication took a few weeks to take effect, and tended to cause constipation. I also found my psychological state was less effective if I became dehydrated. To counter the side effects I added All-Bran into my diet twice a week, and drank more liquids. The big benefit for myself was I could enjoy reading books again, which I could not on the CNS stimulants."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was prescribed Concerta 54mg for two weeks, and after two weeks my dosage was lowered to 36mg. The positive effects: First of all, it was absolutely effective at keeping me focused, engaged, and gave me the motivation to continue working away at my given tasks. It also accelerated my perception of time. The (manageable) negatives: It made me so focused on tasks that I was antisocial. Fixating on annoying sounds, anxiety, sweaty palms, no appetite, and weight loss (25lbs). I found I was lacking emotion, and during the long comedown I was irritable and rarely I experienced mild to moderate depression. Concerta is an effective ADHD drug, but the emotional effects can be annoying at times. It is worth consulting your doctor about!"
Review of Guanfacine: "My son started this 8 weeks ago. It has been a miracle. He has ADHD, BIPOLAR 2, ODD, and being tested for TBI. This has made his impulsivity manageable . We have had no side effects. We have stayed at 2 mg. We are on quite a few other medicines also. But since we have started this medicine we have not had any CPEP visits or inpatient stays. Prior to this medicine in 1 year we had 6 inpatients and 12 CPEP. His other medicines worked but we could not stop his impulse factor which was putting his life in danger. I have my son back we can actually have a conversation again."
Review of Concerta: "Flattening out the dosage peaks as these occurr with Ritalin is a pleasant experience, reducing fatigue and also the moments per day being confronted with a chronic condition. Most notable side effect was extreme agitation, forcing to quit the usage."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My 8 yr old has been on the meds for 3 days now.  His teachers say he's doing great at school and he's a lot more focused and less compulsive. BUT... He complains of being tired the entire time, stomach pains, headaches.  I give him the medicine at 7:00 a.m.  By 4:00 its starting to wear off and he seems to be coming off a high. At moments hes pure goofy almost to the point I say psychotic moments.  He also talks to himself a lot. I don't know if I should give it a week or 2 to get in his system or stop it.  I understand he needs better focus and less compulsive moments at school but I love him more than to harm him with medicines. "
Review of Provigil: "I've been on Provigil for 2 years now for ADD like symptoms caused by a brain injury. After 14 years of not being able to keep my thoughts together enough to hold a job, I can now connect the dots and have been working full time for a year and a half. I do not take Provigil to make me smarter or give me an edge. I just want to be able to balance my check book and hold a job. I no longer have insurance to help with the cost, so I have been trying to make what I have left last as long as possible. Lately I've been having trouble organizing my thoughts and being able to finish the simplest of chores. Looking back, it is amazing how much this drug helps me to live a normal life."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My son was in kindergarten when he was diagnosed with ADHD. Strattera was the second medicine we tried and it worked great. His teacher and us at home noticed the change and could always tell if he missed his dose. He is now 13 and in 8th grade and has decided to take himself off the medicine. Hes been off it since before last summer and is doing great. Hoping because he was medicated at a young age that he may have out grown his symptoms. I would recommend Strattera to anyone."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD in Jan 2010.  Went on Concerta, lowest dose and it worked wonders from the first day, even his teacher thought he was a different child. His problem was focus. He wouldn't finish assignments.  For the first month or so he has some of the side effects. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "Before Concerta I was labeled disruptive; unintelligent, impulsive, poor concentration etc. The worst part was that no matter how hard I tried I always messed up, and it was never on purpose. I am often described as having "no-filter" between my head and mouth. Now, with Concerta, I am able to 'filter' information correctly. I have control with what I say and I can concentrate when I need to. This is however, no miracle - I have bad days. Like anyone, my cognition suffers if I haven't had enough sleep, etc. Concerta only gives one control of their actions and organizes things in your head a bit better - something I had been long without. Please consider the facts provided by health professionals."
Review of Strattera: "Makes me super depressed unmotivated and unable to enjoy anything. Does increase attention span at the cost of not wanting to do anything."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I can finally focus"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was having my son tested for ADD and the doctor ended up suggesting I get tested also. I am a 39 yr old male. I always new I was capable of more, I always felt fairly intelligent. I always had issues recalling details of projects and a roller coaster ride of motivation. I would wait until I have the pressure of the timeline closing before acting. I have become a dynamo at work and home. Instead of thinking about 100 different details of multiple projects all at once, I am able to focus on one at a time, but I have to stay organized because I can see details of something and I can't help but work on it because I get excited I can see everything so clearly. I get dry mouth and have trouble winding down at night. Can't stop working."
Review of Metadate CD: "My Grandson was diagnosed with ADD and was placed on Metadate CD which from school reports about behavior in class seems to be helping there. But he does seem to behave some reflex issues being slowed down in sports and acts much more insecure in wanting a constant approval which we are quick to give. "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "It worked wonderfully in my case! I've had learning difficulties and anorexia since the second grade. Forty or so years the disorder has been binge/purging with laxatives. Cutting myself when my weight ballooned. In January 2016 my primary care giver placed me on Vyvance. It was wonderful. I would wake up and food was not the first thing on my mind! I was able to focus on meal planning and my life felt like it had order! I could finish a task and not skip around. Unfortunately my doctor was more concerned about my weight than my being able to focus so she took me off the medicine that has help me more than anything I've ever taken!"
Review of Strattera: "I currently take Topamax (for migraines) fluoxetine (Prozac)and Klonopin. I had tried Concerta but that "pooped" out on me fairly quickly so I was suggested to try Strattera. I was hesitant at first knowing that there was a very low percentage rate of those for which the drug has actually worked successfully for but knowing my own body and mind maybe it would be a great idea to give it a shot. At first the side effects did start the headaches and the occasional upset stomach but they went away with time as my body got used to the medication and the higher dosage. No matter what, you should give this drug a chance."
Review of Strattera: "I had been on Ritilan for 10 years and found I kept increasingly the dose every year or so. I went on this medication and got so sick. I was very angry and had urges to hurt people I cared about. It felt so weird my hair felt like it was growing tingly feeling. Vision impairment etc, I stopped taking this when I had such strong urges to strangle someone. Very scary. This medication is not for me."
Review of Adderall: "works very good for energy, focus and a feeling of well being.  I didn't feel depressed at all.  It kept me focused unlike  when I was without I couldn't sit still for 2 minutes. Good overall.   It left my heart racing a little but I took a Xanax and it all balanced out."
Review of Strattera: "Hi, 36 year old male here.  I've been on Strattera for 2 weeks already and so far so good.  My metabolism has always been fast so I noticed an improvement on the 1st day!  I was able to concentrate and focus at work and it has enabled me to focus in class(I'm in grad school).  For me, the medicine kicks in about 1/2 hour after I take it and for the first 10-15 minutes or so, I get a sort of sleepy feeling but once I start a mental activity, it goes away.  Its very weird because I tried to take it at night and although it gives me that "sleepy" feeling, the medicine keeps my brain awake.  One time I took it at 9pm and I couldn't fall asleep till 4am!  After that event, I just find it better to take it in the morning after my workout."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse is amazing. I've had it for about 4 months now and it's worked better than any other medicine I've tried. I am able to focus on the stuff I am doing and am able to stick with a task. I highly recommend it."
Review of Quillivant XR: ""Tried" to fill the Rx my son's Dr. had written (very first of this med) at one of the large retail store pharmacy's and... Even with a Tricare co-pay, the cost was just over $1K!!!  Needless to say, I called the Dr.'s office back immediately for another/different Rx.Talk about price-gouging!"
Review of Quillivant XR: "I got this for my 5 year old daughter, who has high functioning autism. This medication was a godsend in terms of making her focus and follow directions, but sadly, we had to stop giving it to her because it made her terrified of everything. She became very paranoid and things she used to love suddenly scared her (example, blowing bubbles became scary!) She became jumpy and had nightmares. We tried to work with this medication for over a year, no luck. She's is 7 years old now, and we finally took her off of it. After being off of it for a little over a week, she is no longer scared and paranoid about everything. She is back to being unfocused and not following directions, but I would rather have her unfocused than terrified of everything"
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 24 years old (female). I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 11. Over the years, I tried Adderall, Concerta, and Straterra none of them really worked all that great. But I spent 8 years on Ritalin. When I was a 20, I was taking 60 mg of Ritalin a day, and was failing all my classes. My doctor switched me to 70 mg of Vyvanse (started out at 70mg since I had been on a high dose of Ritalin for so long), and it was like magic!  I started getting all A's and became more productive at work. The only bad things about the medicine are some of the side effects. I've noticed that gum helps with the dry mouth compared to just drinking water. Suffer from anxiety and insomnia now but take Celexa for anxiety and Ambien for insomnia. But all is good."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Female 37 inattentive. Wow. Wish they knew when i was a kid.Life couldve been so different. This is so freaking nice to be functioning most of each day."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Strattera made me tired during the day and kept me awake at night. It was miserable at night. I took it for 3 months before I couldn't take it anymore. Now I take 200 mg of wellbutrin twice daily and that seems to help quite a bit with my moral and the way I view myself in the world. Honestly the strattera made a zombie out of me."
Review of Methamphetamine: "This medication has helped my A.D.H.D better than other medications."
Review of Strattera: "Son is making vast improvements in school.  Focus very much improved.  Self confidence increasing."
Review of Methylphenidate: "7 year old with ADHD, with the HD prevailing. Started 10 mg Metadate CD in the morning and teacher reported night and day difference, but late in the day was night marish. Grouchy, no focus and constantly arguing. Doctor decided that it metabolized quickly and was out of his system too quickly. Started 20 mg in the morning and saw immediate improvement in the afternoons. BUT...vocal and motor tics began, up to 7-10 a minute, and we stopped it right away. Started 0.25 mg Guanfacine to relax the system, up to 3 mg now. Tics have lessened, but still present daily. Tried Adderall, but aggression and moodiness appeared. Back to Metadate CD, paired with Guanfacine, school is better, still some moodiness, but overall an improvement."
Review of Strattera: "I liked the fact that this medication help me focus but it seemed as I was very "distant". I didn't like how it made me just not want to move or do anything.  I am 24 and just recently found out I have ADHD and it is most likely I have had it all my life. I have trouble with finishing what I start and just can't stay focused! So right now it is just trying to find the right kind of medication for me before I start back up at school in January."
Review of Dexedrine: "I absolutely love Dexedrine! It doesn't give me the crash that adderall has and it really keeps me focused on the tasks at hand. I was able to throughly apply for a gig and landed it and I wonder if I would on the alternatives.I hear they're trying to rid away of Dexedrine to switch over to Vyvance but since that drug has no generic and the two are about 99% similar I'm guessing it is more for profit reasoning. I'm telling everyone switch over you won't regret it. 1 15mg er/day should be the max for those considering  switching. I read somewhere on here a doc prescribed about 100mg which is too much and the reasoning for your manic state. Go for trusted generic brands like Sandoz and Mallinkrodt. Teva IS THE WORST. "
Review of Concerta: "This medication worked fantastically for me! When I started taking it I was at the bottom of my class, struggling at school, and within 2 years I'd moved to the top. It totally transformed how I was able to concentrate. I always felt like this allowed me to 'be the real me' because it gave me the focus and patience to do the things I wanted to do. It helped me socially because I was able think and communicate better (more tactfully!)In terms of side effects I can't take it too late in the day or else I wouldn't sleep at night, but nothing else. I know some people have described many more side effects but I didn't get anything like that.The only downside is that after 19 years on the drug, I don't find it as effective anymore."
Review of Vyvanse: "Last year my oldest daughter who is now 9yrs old was diagnosed with ADD and the doctor put her on Aderrall but within a week took her off and right away put her on Vyvanse 30mg. It worked perfect for a while but now have to get her dosage raised because it wears off after only a few hours although the upside is that her grades have improved tremendously and now I also have an 8 yr old who was also diagnosed with ADHD and is also taking Vyvanse 30 mg and I've noticed a real positive change in her concentration and her mood. I love it because she is also doing so much better in school."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Even though concerts has been helping me in school, I still get a lot of the side effects. The biggest one is that I am never hungry and now I am underweight. I still recommend you this medication because it has helped me improve my grades in school."
Review of Vyvanse: "I found this medication very effective, I am able to stay on task without changing my mood, speak clearer without getting tongue tied and I do eat smaller portion than I usually do. I've only lost 5lbs the max within two year and the only side affect I have is occasional dry mouth. It's best to stay hydrated and eat a snack in between meals while on this medication to reduce the dry mouth it works for me."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am a 20 years old and I did exceedingly well in high school and nursing school without ADHD medication. Once I graduated and moved into the workplace, my ADHD spun completely out of control. I had a very hard time adjusting. This medication has helped me think clearly, focus on tasks and stop me from being so impulsive and rude. My appetite has gone down for sure, but I try to focus on superfoods I can eat in small amounts. I think it's important to have coping strategies and work through your ADHD before jumping straight to medications. I would highly recommend this medication for adults who are struggling, not for children though."
Review of Strattera: "I began Strattera two days ago and the first day I had problems urinating immediately. I also noticed problems holding an erection. Day two was even worse as I could hardly urinate and when I got sexually exited I could not have an erection at all. I have never had sexual problems before and urinating has always been normal. I blame Strattera because it's the only new medication I was taking. I also take Lithium for depression and Prozac for my sexual addiction. "
Review of Guanfacine: "Intuniv is by far the best drug on the market for ADD/ADHD."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I started my 6 year old on this medication a few months ago.  It has really helped her in school.  I just don't know how to handle her when the medicine wears off or before she takes it.  Overall a great medicine for my child."
Review of Focalin XR: "My son just started this 2.5 weeks ago. He is 9 with ADHD and odd. The medication works fine for symptoms. Yet I'm concerned because he has developed a tic where he constantly taps his legs and sometimes hits them with his fists pretty hard and twitches his eyes. We are going back to the doctor for management. "
Review of Guanfacine: "I took this for tics and ADHD.  I went up to 3 mg a day and felt horrible. Very tired and body aches. It helps somewhat with nervous tics but not that great and side effects were bad. I quit it after 1 week at 3mg. And I am 200 lb man and it still was too much for me. The 1 mg and 2 my doses didn't really do anything positive or negative."
Review of Ritalin: "Before Ritalin I was constantly snapping at my husband and I was never able to concentrate at work.  After taking it I have turned into a new person!  I am able to relax and for once feel calm.   My husband said that since I started taking it I haven't been as moody.  I am also able to complete my work projects in a timely manner."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I'm in my mid 20's and bipolar. I was put on this to treat ADHD since I've always struggled in school and I'm completely unorganized. The first day I took it, it put me to sleep. After a few days of sleeping a lot I could focus! The only bad thing was when I worked out I would get funny vision, like I was going to pass out. Which doesn't help since I'm a fitness professional. I think the lower dosage worked better, once I went up to 60  I couldn't focus, slept all the time, felt depressed, and the vision got worse. I gave this medicine 8 weeks just to see if the side effects would dissipate and sadly it didn't. I did lose a few pounds, but nothing drastic (a loss of 3lbs.. I'm female 5"3 and 105)."
Review of Vyvanse: "When I started receiving calls from my kindergarteners teacher at least once a week, I couldn't believe it. But after several months of struggling through the seemingly easiest of tasks I decided to take my daughter to counseling. Her counselor and psychiatrist took all of the right steps to diagnose her ADHD, and after 6 weeks of holding on to the prescription, I gave in and started administering the 20mg of Vyvanse. My daughter made a complete turn-around! Happy in the morning, soaring at school, and even sleeping well at night! In a month after starting Vyvanse, she was awarded "student of the month", by the end of school she was "most improved student of the year". My only concern is that she already needs the 30mg dose."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I read all these reviews and I still took it. I told my doctor about the reviews and my concerns and she pushed me to try it so I did. Progressively I could not leave my house. I was so tired. I could only have the strength to shower once every 9 days. I felt myself becoming more and more tired and for some reason I just stayed with it- I gradually increased the dosage and ate it with food, all the tips everyone's said I've done because I wanted it so badly to work. But it has made me sick and I'm not sure if I've recovered even now, a month after stopping. The final straw was me starging to feel worse I had been in years. Please do not be like me. I saw the reviews and I did not listen."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Son is making vast improvements in school.  Focus very much improved.  Self confidence increasing."
Review of Adderall XR: "Not much side effects, just see imprint of things, when upping the dosage. Feel drugged, like it's releasing chemicals in the brain, have quick 1 second pain in leg throughout the day now and again. Helps somewhat with ADHD."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My doctor gave me a free sample pack of Strattera and had me start at 20mg, and increase the dose all the way to 80mg. I didn't notice a difference until I got to 60mg, and at 80mg, the side effects became all too apparent. I noticed that I was able to focus on a particular topic for longer periods of time, but that's it; my motivation, procrastination, sluggishness, irritability, memory problems, all remained the same. Now for the side effects, my head starts to itch, my testicles become very tender, but worst of all I start to get depressed. I don't think this medication is for someone without the Hyperactivity part of ADHD. Because I am sluggish enough as it is."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse has changed my life. I went from being a failing student to having grades above 90% in only a few weeks. These past 3 1/2 weeks have been the most productive weeks of my life. However, this med does come with a down side. Some side effects I experienced have been loss of appetite, dry mouth, trouble staying asleep, as well as some minor OCD. The OCD is really the only side effect that has been bothering me, when I have paper in front of me and I'm writing, I will constantly keep erasing what I wrote and writing it back down until it looks perfect which I've never done before in my life. As for social anxiety, I actually feel more confident going outside, my brain feels slowed down when working, and I don't zone out any more. 9.5/10"
Review of Ritalin: "I was recently prescribed generic form of Ritalin for Aspergers/lack of focus issues. I am in my low 40s and used Meth recreationally for years, although I gave that up thankfully, a while back.  This is the third pill I have taken and I assure you, the effects of this drug mimic, in many ways, taking a moderate amount of Meth, although not as strong. However, I realize that it affects different people, different ways based on their chemistry. I am not sure I will take it all the time but it does give me energy and new focus, I was lacking. I can see how this drug could be addictive to some people. But it is extremely expensive."
Review of Adderall: "My wife started taking Adderal 5 months ago.  It completely changed her for the worse.  Sure she might be able to complete tasks and feels energized but the side effects are ruining our family. She goes from talking to screaming in mid sentence.  Violent behavior is now the norm.  Zero sex drive.  Total lack of regard for others.  I have talked to her about these issues but the responses are "shut up". She has lost 20 lbs and looks terrible. By the way she was bulimic as a teen and into college.  So the weight loss is appealing to her.  I contacted the first nurse vacationer that prescribed it for her. He cut her off."
Review of Methylphenidate: "The dosing was 0.5mg x 2 doses, daily. The first few days (1-4) were great. We noticed more our 5 yr old soon looking at us for longer periods of time when speaking to him. Also, he seemed to turn his work (kindergarten) completed, the teacher was impressed with that. However, his ODD (more defiant) became worse at the end of the first week, he began hiding under his desk saying "don't look at my face," and more emotional all around. At the end of the week, he had 2-3 full on accidents (urination on himself, in the daytime.) This was where I put my foot down and dropped this drug. My son did not have any problems with bladder control before this drug. I am not going to continue this with out reassurance from prescribing doctor."
Review of Strattera: "My 8 year old son took this, and had an extreme allergic reaction.  I thought it was something else, but on day 5 his eyes swelled and his face broke out.  It took a while to get out of the system.On the other hand, my 11 year old daughter is taking Strattera 25mg, and it has worked great for her.  She is reading like crazy, and she's never been able to focus enough to read.  When ever she took stimulants, she would get a lot of stuff done, but she would be anxious and sad.  This medication is the only one that she's taken that didn't make her sad.I rate it a 5 because it worked terrible for one child, but has been great for the other."
Review of Adderall XR: "Have been taking Adderall XR for over a year now. I am having some issues with tolerance now, but it's still working reasonably well. Had side effects for the first few months, but now I have none. Good stuff!"
Review of Focalin XR: "I'm 17 now. Been taking the medicine for maybe 3-4 years now. Honestly, it's fantastic in what it does. Better concentration, less impulsive, able to actually sit down and work, more control over my mood/emotions and its worth repeating Less Impulsive. But please know that because of this I also weigh 129lbs. I'm 6 feet tall. This completly kills my appetite. I've gone full 24 days without any real meal and hate it. I hate feeling my stomach in pain and feeling weak because I have nothing to fuel me but still my mouth stays dry and eating food becomes so non-instinctive that I have to force myself to go through the motions of chewing and swallowing. When off it, appetite is fine. Great medicine, please be aware of the effects possible."
Review of Ritalin: "I used Ritalin when I was in 1st grade. Until I was in 6th grade these tablets helped me a lot with ADHD. But I outgrew the hyperactivity. The reason I rated it a 9/10 was because in 6th grade the medicine was working well but I was on 200mg of it so the doctor had to take me off of it fast. Then I had a Ritalin crash in a overnight hospital. But other than that it is a great drug for treating ADHD. It helped me pay attention and not to jump off my mom's dresser (the dresser story is true about me)."
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvanse has helped me tremendously. I'm a 26 year old college student diagnosed with ADD. I started out taking 50mg and it was only working for about 4-6 hours so after a few months the doctor took me up to 70mg that lasts me 8-10 hours, which is GREAT. It helps me focus so much and get things done, plus I'm making way better grades."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have been taking Adderall XR 30mg for about 7 months now and I am starting to get concerned. I started out with 20mg, but was still very impulsive, so upped the dose to 30mg. I can focus and listen really well, but I am noticing increasing negative effects. I noticed dizziness right away, but this improved after a few weeks. Then I started to notice myself constantly stumbling over words when talking. I have NEVER had that problem before. I began to get headaches every day about two months ago and it is getting worse daily. That's a big concern to me because amphetamines are bad for the liver and kidneys as it is, and now I HAVE to take increasing doses of ibuprofen just to "take the edge off" of the headaches. "
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "@Webmaster nice to hear almost my same story. I'm a single father of 2 teen kids and I've had depression my entire life, well since middle school when I was 14. Funny, I wrote poetry and read every book the English teacher gave me. Anyways at 15 I told my mother that I was afraid. I suppose her mental health was more important than a 15 yr old kid saying, help this isn't right! I was scared and smart enough to know it was more to it. Lets fast forward to today.  This medication helps me not only be less depressed, no impulsive thoughts, it helped me stop smoking. I don't crave old habits and I hardly smoke at  all. "
Review of Concerta: "Took it from 7-12 years old. When stopped, grades went down and gained weight. Taking it now again at 21. My gosh. First day back on it and wow."
Review of Guanfacine: "My seven year old son has been on Intuniv for three weeks now. His behavior at school and home is finally starting to improve. He is much more focused and less irritable. Although in the end of week one and beginning of week two of this medicine, he was very cranky and irritable. He is sleepy in the afternoons, but he also takes Clonidine along with this medicine, which also makes him sleepy. So I hope the sleepiness improves. He has started the last week having severe stomach pain. He gets up many times in the night saying his tummy feels funny and he gets some diarrhea in the night. He also has a harder time staying asleep at night, which is new. Hoping the stomach pain stops so we can continue the medicines, as I feel they are helping him."
Review of Atomoxetine: "It's maybe my 5th week on the drug, noticed an increase in my productivity and feel like I can get a lot done. Although I'm suffering from nausea and slight headaches, I'm taking other medications so it's hard to say. Tried Ritalin, Ritalin XR and Dex amphetamine also. This isn't as aggressive as Dex, but Dex is my preference in comparison to this. Though it's still early days!"
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 29 years old and was diagnosed with ADD when I was about 11 years old. Since that time I've been on and off a variety of medications from Ritalin, Adderall, and most recently Vyvanse which I've been on for a year and am currently taking 70mg a day. It helps with my alertness and attentiveness, but I have some of the side effects like extremely dry mouth and little if any appetite. I am currently working during the day and take graduate classes at night and notice that the medication does not last the entire 12 hours, I've been taking it later in the day so that I'm able to concentrate in class. Since I began taking the medication I have seen an increase in acne, previously I had minor occasional breakouts."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am an 18 years old and I have been taking this medication since I was 14. It helps me alot with concentration in fact without it I don't know how I would have graduated high school. While taking Vvyanse I have experienced all of its side effects which includes low and high blood presure, nervousness, uncontrolable body movemnets, numbness of my left side of the body etc., mostly because some days I would take it and then didn't take it for like a week so your body would have to get used to it all over again. I just recently had a baby and now am back on it again since I plan on going to College. "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I liked how focused it made me however if I was agitated it made it worse"
Review of Vyvanse: "I had found myself spacing out and getting very easily distracted in school. I would always talk and anything from a noise to something moving out the window would distract me and get me off task somehow. I also had trouble staying focused on assignments that took a descent amount of time to finish. I finally told my psychiatrist about it and he gave me Vyvanse 30mg. It helped me out A LOT. I stayed focused, and if I started an assignment I finished it but he gave me a script for 1 a day every morning but I found myself taking 2 a day sometimes so he gave me the 60mg Vyvanse. So now I take one 60mg Vyvanse a day and am fine. I don't get distracted anymore like I did. I find myself getting all my work done then talking instead of talking 1st."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 9 y/o daughter was taking this. Started on a 30 MG dose then we kept moving up to 50. The 50 only seemed to make her aggressive at home with her sister and acting odd. Her school also commented that she has not change AT ALL even with the increase in dosage. This is the first ADD medication we have taken so maybe its not the one for her but, frustrating never the less."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 15 year old son stated taking a 50mg dose of Vyvanse last spring.  We were elated with the initial response.  His attitude and outlook improved greatly, and performance at school improved.  His appetite dropped off too.  After 6 weeks of taking daily doses he began vomiting.  We ended up taking him off this medication because of the vomiting. "
Review of Adderall XR: "Adderall XR has changed my life. For years, I have struggled with depression and just not feeling well. I happened across an article on Adult ADD and recognized the symptoms. I talked to my doctor and went off Effexor XR and then began taking Adderall XR. Before, I has lost focus by 11 a.m. and didn't even know where to begin on projects for work. Everything just seemed to be too difficult to do. I couldn't make it through the day without a long nap. I feel great, am actually enjoying my work, and don't need naps anymore. Always take it first thing in the morning; otherwise, it will interfere with sleep."
Review of Strattera: "My son only started Strattera this week.  The first day his stomach was upset.  Then we started taking it at night.  It was mush better.  I dont know if it is going to work but he says that he is feeling better already."
Review of Vyvanse: "I've been taking Vyvanse for about a year now and it has been an interesting trip. At first I couldn't sleep for the life of me and would go days on only a couple hours of sleep that I could get. Then after a couple months I was able to sleep almost like I used to and I noticed that I was more mentally alert and energetic but, my appetite dramatically diminished to almost nothing and still felt like my body wasn't getting enough rest. On top of that, when I would skip a dose I would have EXTREME hunger where I couldn't eat enough and I would have terrible fatigue! After a year everything evened out and began to feel normal other than having no appetite, but I have a healthy food schedule so I don't forget to eat. I would also like to say that I think it should NOT be recommended for children!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "It helps with everyday activities and I stay attentive and more focused."
Review of Vyvanse: "My kids do great in school, but on weekends I do not give the Vyvanse to them, they just sit and stare at the walls."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My Doctor put me on basically the fastest titration. 40mg for 4 days then 80mg after that. The first 4 days on 40mg were awful. The worst of the side effects being insomnia. I had to call out of the work for the a few days to catch up on sleep. I could not fall asleep at ALL. The Doc prescribed Trazadone to sleep. That helped after being sleeped deprived for a few days. I've heard of people upping their dose and having the side effects lessen and positive side effects increased. WRONG. First day on 80mg I had crippling nausea, body aches, massive headache, off the chart irritability, burning urination (with white discharge), and thoughts of SUICIDE. No joke. I've read of people having this happen them but it's a rare side effect."
Review of Strattera: "I have been on this med 4 days now. The first day I made the mistake of taking it night before bed, boy was that s mistake! Up all night really bad insomnia. Day 2 I took it in the afternoon when home from work at 2 pm. I curled up on lazy boy and did not want to move, ended passing out due to pure exhaustion, needless to say I did not get up till the next morning 15 hrs later. Day 3 about 1 hour after taking developed slight nausea and the feeling of extreme skin sensations like things crawling on me , but those do subside after about couple hours. On 40 mg and going to stick with it and ride it out for a few weeks to see is side effects lessen. Also on 450mg of Wellbutrin at the same time. I think it is working in a weird kind of way!!"
Review of Adderall: "Adderall has been hugely beneficial in allowing me to function with improved mental acuity, and I am able to take a relatively low dose to achieve these desired treatment effects."
Review of Strattera: "My son, 11,  was taking Strattera and it did not work out well for him.  His ADHA is rather mild, and I thought this could help him with a few of his struggles. However, the side effects outweighed the benefits. The most extreme side effect didn't really hit until about a month into taking Strattera.  He became very emotional, would lash out disrespectfully and within 5 minutes would be crying and saying how sorry he was.  His brain clarity actually was WORSE.  He has always been a honor student and suddenly couldn't remember his multiplication facts. Last side effect was his appetite was suppressed.  He has been off the medication for 5 days and I have my kid back."
Review of Vyvanse: "Incredible.  I was on Adderall for over a year.  My doctor switched me to Vyvanse four days ago.  Since day one, I have felt better than ever.  That "nervous-jittery feeling" (perfect description) as well as anxiety and teeth-grinding that I had while on Adderall is totally gone.  I feel "normal". I am able to concentrate and focus calmly, and am no longer plagued by excessive energy.  I feel healthy, and everyone around me has noticed the positive difference in such a short amount of time."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I started on 20mg Adderall XR 1 month ago. I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 13. I was first medicated on Ritalin and I went off of it because it made me very uneasy on the insides. I managed to get through school with all applied courses because a gold fish had a higher attention span then me. If I could turn back time I would have chosen the Adderall path. Just a few side effects that really weren't to bad, I lost a lot of weight because it suppressed my appetite, it was all weight that I could afford to lose and I feel better about myself, I do however have to make a list of tasks before I begin my day or I just get super hyper focused on one thing for to long. I grind my teeth and I have to take sleep-aids but it's worth it."
Review of Vyvanse: "My Daughter has been taking Vyvanse for about 4 years now she is 14 and taking the 50 mg, She usually takes it on school days, So last summer she wasn't taking it and she started her period but as soon as September came she went back on the 50mg her period never came back. Has anyone experienced this? the doctor said it had nothing to do with the medication but I have a feeling it does."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I've been on Vyvanse at varying dosages (30-40 mg) for about 2 years. I've never been on anything else really, so I can't speak to other drugs, but I feel like I got my life back. I did notice it would wear off for me around 3 in the afternoon though, and the doctor put me on a low dose of Dextroamphetamine at 2:30 to supplement the rest of the day. So far, so good. I don't want to take higher and higher doses, so I try to stay where I'm at and make that work. Most days it does. Great drug for me."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Have to say wow!  It helps low energy depression and works well with most SSRIs and some low dose SNRIs.  Life feels exciting again and it offsets SSRI sexual side effects.  Works fast and well.  Main problem is that it wears off in a few hours so you need to dose multiple times a day.  It causes you to sweat a little more and be a little more irritable than usual but it is really a great med to help depression.  It is much different and better than Wellbutrin for sure even though both are NDRI's.  Check out the research on stimulants for depression and bipolar depression.  Going to try Provigil now for a more even energy/mood boost.  But I may be back to this."
Review of Concerta: "IT MAKES ME DEPRESSED. Yes it helps me focus, and it helps me with my school work, but when I am on Concerta I am 100% emotionless and it is the worst feeling I have ever experienced. Constant depression until it wears off later in the night time."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My daughter is 8 and has tried other medicines for ADHD. I did not like them because of the side effects, she was like a zombie. With the Vyvanse, I don't notice a major change in her personality.  AND, she is focusing better in school.  Much better grades.  I love this medicine because she still acts like MY DAUGHTER and not some alien."
Review of Vyvanse: "My son (ADHD) has been on Vyvanse for about 3 years now, and I love it. He is 10 years old now. He started out on Focalin which he took for about 3 months and never seen a change in him. So his doctor switched him to Vyvanse and the very first day I noticed a change in him. Calm and relaxed, but not a zombie like I heard a lot of ADHD medicines do. He always made A's & B's but since on Vyvanse he has made all A's, I believe it's due to he is able to sit still in his seat and concentrate more.  The only side effect I have seen in him is his appetite.  He does not have one and is on the skinny side.  But we found a way to get him to eat so hopefully he will gain amlittle.  Other than that this medicine its WONDERFUL."
Review of Cylert: "I took this for about a year, about 10 years ago, and I still think it was one of the best ADHD drugs I ever took. I remember many of my nervous behaviors were significantly decreased. For once, I had enough fingernails to actually need a nail clipper!I actually had less trouble falling asleep at night, and don't recall any problems with appetite. I did have some moodiness, but I'm not sure whether it was the drug, or pre-existing depression.Another plus is it's not schedule II, so you don't have to try and remember to get your prescription every single month."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Gums started hurting 2nd day 3rd day unbearable and face started to swell  had to lie down as dizzy , violently sick, pins and needles in hand , very unhappy tooth ache  I as trying to tolerate as got told takes time to work but I was in to much pain so phoned Dr who told me to stop taking it, I never want to take this drug ever again I feel very unwell. No help at all to my AHHD just feel completely Unwell"
Review of Amphetamine: "Adderall XR became less effective so dr wanted me to try Adzenys XR 15.7 I do not like it. Terrible headaches right after I take it then I get nauseated. Even though the Adderall xr has become less effective at least it gives me somewhat concentration without side effects. Also I hate the blister pack it comes in and it tastes terrible with a gritty bad after taste."
Review of Intuniv: "My son has ADHD and is taking intuniv 3 mg, I find with this drug he is so sleepy all he wants to do is sleep, it's supposed to help his concentration but it doesn't, he's too tired. It also makes him angry and he's in a bad mood all the time, I stopped giving it to him for a few days to see if it would make a difference in his mood and it did he was so much happier, I don't know what to do whether to keep him on it or stop it. The doctor is adamant that it's not the drug it's behaviour but I know it is the drug. Anyone else have this problem...."
Review of Amphetamine: "I did not find this medication to be effective. I approximately 3 hours of sustained attention .My energy depletes throughout the day. I do not like the gritted texture nor taste. I will not continue this medication."
Review of Strattera: "I used Strattera for adult ADHD after I auto-diagnose and then was corroborated by my doctor. It helped me stay focused on any tasks I started to completion. I took it for more than a year but had to stop because was too expensive for me even with insurance. I had some side effects that I mentioned to the company Lilly. These side effects were slight dizziness, nausea if taken without food, hair on the back of my neck would raise sensation, and some stomach discomfort, but the worst was the size of my penis would decrease incredibly while flaccid (normally 3 inches, but after medication, about 1 inch or less) and would take a lot of stimulation to get an erection."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I am an adult in my late 30's. I have taken this drug off and on for the last year and a half, because my medical doesn't cover it and it is very expensive for me. When I was given samples, my family can see the difference in my thoughts and organization."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Please be aware of  all side effects before taking this drug. Adderal is highly addictive and it is very likely that 1 taking this drug will continue to do so for a long period of time out of necessity. Its best to slowly decrease the intake of the drug so the withdrawal symptoms are not 2 intense. Taking more than prescribed can lead 2 severe & even life threatening situations. Hallucinations, hearing voices, severe insomnia, & personality changes are inevitable if abused. With that being said, this is a highly effective yet short term solution bc of the dependency factor.  At times the side effects may be so severe that the person taking the drug doesn't even notice bc they are so happy and focused on everything else.Notice Excessive Movement?"
Review of Vyvanse: "Medication worked great now insurance decided to stop covering it"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Im a 19 year old male. I struggled through school my whole life but still tested past most my classmates. I was diagnosed with ADHD last year and was on a different medication that really didn't work and then a month ago my doctor prescribed Vyvanse and it has changed my life so much. I recommend that every person with  ADHD try it out. Its amazing. The only real side effect I have is I'm a little more irritable."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have been taking Adderall for two years and it has probably saved my life. I had been misdiagnosed as bi-polar with no co-morbid ADHD, and was prescribed benzodiazepines and anti-depressants. I eventually became suicidal when Abilify was added,and was lucky enough to have a moment of clarity and changed doctors and hospital affiliates. The week I was started on ADHD meds, I started to become the person I should be. I only wish I could have been diagnosed as a child, I feel I missed half my education. I can now focus all day, keep a train of thought long enough to finish mundane to complex tasks, and have written and recorded an album of music that had been completed but in disarray. No side effects, no weight loss or changes in eating habits."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD when he was 2.  He is now 11.  We have tried changing his diet, herbal remedies, Vyvanse, Strattera, and several others.  The thing that has worked without causing headaches is the Adderall RX.  He does have a loss of appetite, but his behavior and ability to concentrate are definitely worth it."
Review of Daytrana: "My son almost 6 started on Daytrana right around 5 yrs old. We went from half a 10mg patch to a whole 10mg patch.Really it's whatever we need that day. It does work. Positives for us: concentration improved, attitude solid.Negatives: if we leave the patch on from 8-6, we are up until 2 or 3 am if we do not give melatonin to help sleep. Appetite severely decreases on medicine, days without medicine he's eating like a horse.Overall the medicine has more positives than negatives, I just would like more understanding on how as a parent to be able to handle all this."
Review of Ritalin: "I've been on this medicine for about a month and lost around eleven pounds. I initially got on it to stay more focused in school although I don't have a serious case of ADD but I don't mind the weight loss. I could spare a few pounds. You get a rush for about 45 minutes after it kicks in and that feels better than it should. I feel I can concentrate when I use it, but I'm not myself when I take it. My personality is dulled a bit and even if I have homework to do, I'll find something to distract myself. Whether it's choosing a simpler assignment or just writing because I still feel like I'm being productive."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Didn't really do much to help, after around 7 months, it dosn't do anything"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "While Adderall definitely helped my ADD symptoms, the comedown was absolutely horrible. I was on 30mg per day (20mg IR in morning, 10mg IR 5hrs later). It made me finally able to focus, and stay organized for the 5 months I took it. However, as soon as it started wearing off, I turned into a real big jerk, and I even lost some friends because of it. I eventually discontinued it after having a mental breakdown, and due to several of my closest friends and family approaching me about how I was acting. I ended up switching to Concerta and currently take 36mg per day. I find that it works 10 times better than Adderall did for me. Long story short, Adderall, while definitely very effective at treating my symptoms, wasn't the right fit for me."
Review of Concerta: "I've been taking Concerta for about 8 years and it's helped my mood and productivity a lot.  I used to get a stronger focus benefit from it and Ritalin, so there are times I still feel unfocused.  But overall, it works well.  The one-a-day dose is great.  It doesn't keep me awake too late at night, unless I take it after 11 a.m..  I definitely notice the days I don't take it, either by choice or if I forget to get the prescription renewed.  The first day off it isn't bad, but after that I get really cranky.  So I like myself a lot better on it than off!  My wife does too.It's not a miracle, but it definitely helps."
Review of Ritalin: "I was first given Ritalin at 6 years old. Ritalin made it hard for me to sleep. Being on Ritalin made me feel nauseous.  Ritalin caused tremors in my arms. Being forced to take Ritalin made me self-conscious. Ritalin increased my anxiety. My anxiety turned into panic attacks so I was prescribed with antidepressants like Zoloft, Wellbutrin and Effexor. I was also prescribed with Lamictal, an anti-convulsant. For me, Ritalin was the "gateway drug.""
Review of Adderall: "Lost about 60 pounds, was a bit concerned, and I had to force myself to eat sometimes."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My son who is 12 has been on this medication now for about 6 months. 40 mg a day. It does absolutely nothing for him. The Dr tried upping his dose to 50mg and he started having major mood swings, anxiety and depression. Ritalin, Concerta, Vyvanse we have tried those too but the side effects were too much for him to handle. I'm at a loss what to do now. No more meds I guess?"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall XR has changed my LIFE! For years, I have struggled with depression and anixety, no motivation, mood swings and couldn't focus on any task. I was diagnosed with ADD/Bi-polar when I was 19-20ish (26now and mom of 1). I have struggled through so many years not knowing after several doctors and tons of medicines or medication combinations I was put on Vyvanse from 30-50mg over a period of 2 years. It worked well for me. In the beginning I had dry mouth, palpitations. My coverage stopped paying for it. Doctor tried me on Strattera and Concerta (not together). After several months I was just still always sick, with stomach cramps, headaches, etc. About 3 years now I've been on Adderall XR 30mg and I still have dry mouth and loss of appetite. Other than that, it has helped me to be a "normal" person and loving, motivated mother."
Review of Concerta: "Started on 18mg and did not notice any difference in my ability to concentrate, but noticed that my appetite had decreased. My dosage was switched then to 32mg and I noticed that my attention span had increased slightly but the more noticable change was to my mood and my anxiety. My hands shake from this medication and I get hot flushes although my hands are cold and clammy. I sweat more unconsciously and this is uncomfortable. I went back to talk to my psychiatrist and was told that side effects tend to even out, and sometimes an increase in dosage can speed up this process, so I went up to 54mg. Although the medicine has made a change in my attention, my appetite has gone in the day and I have lost around 7kgs."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My daughter was on the Daytrana patch for 2 years and did very well during most of that time. Daytrana was a breath of fresh air. She was still a normal child with high spirits.  She did well in school and maintained friendships.  My complaints about the Daytrana patch was the skin irritation.  Her skin reddened and eventually scarred. It would take at least 2 hours in the morning to "kick-in" which was hell for her homeroom and 1st hr teachers. 2 hours after removal she was EXTREMELY hyperactive. Days without the patch were agonizing at best because her behavior was so over the top. She also did not eat while the patch was on. However, the benefits outweighed the negatives for me."
Review of Catapres: "My son has been on this for about 2 years, as well as vyvanse. It really calms him down so he can go to bed and get a good nights sleep! He used to have nightmares, but since hes been on this medication, he hasn't had one! Again I thank the makers of these wonder drugs and I know my son thanks you all as well!"
Review of Adderall XR: "I was prescribed Adderall XR for lack of focus and attention. After being on the medicine (10 mg) for 4 days I felt very confused and had trouble talking. I was stumbling over my words and second guessing myself. My appetite was altered (as expected) but I made sure I ate frequently. I also noticed I was very impulsive and short tempered, more than usually. I just wasn't my normal self on this medicine. I'm glad it has worked for many people, but it did not agree with me."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Adderall worked okay on me, but I wanted to try this to see if it worked better and without side effects. I'd heard good things, but for me it did not work out. My anxiety spiked. I noticed my heart rate felt too fast even though I was just sitting there and it was just a very uncomfortable anxious feeling. Even with the dosage high enough to give me this much anxiety, it didn't work very well! I would forget to do things all the time for example. And I see why they use this on binge eating disorder because it made me not want to eat even when I was hungry. At least it kept me awake and slightly more focused than I would be without the medication, but I'm going to explore other options."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Worst treatment I've tried, may even exacerbate ADHD symptoms. Causes depression, fatigue and anxiety without even working to improve concentration. Don't even feel or act like myself since I started this med. People even know something is wrong when they talk to me. Trying to stop/change treatment, but Doctor only wants to keep me on this med until college semester is over. Have tried Concerta before, worked somewhat."
Review of Daytrana: "My daughter has tried almost every ADHD drug there is.  She is a junior in high school and has a very busy schedule.  Daytrana is the only way she is able to get her homework done.  She takes the patch off an hour before she is done and off to sleep she goes.  This is the only medication that does not have harsh side effect for her.  I hate that I have to drive all over town to find a pharmacy that has it in stock.  I sure hope this shortage ends soon!"
Review of Guanfacine: "Idk  what you guys are taking about, guanfacine works really well, I take one 2.5 mg tablet every day and right away shows a big improvement on my heart, I can breathe better, I can relax, and I can enjoy myself. 10/10."
Review of Ritalin: "I love Ritalin. I have a wonderful peace that I never had before.  I am 61 years old and have just started taking it for the last few weeks. I can actually concentrate now.  I am not so fidgety. I wished had this about 55 years ago and one thing I noticed, I am dreaming where I don't remember dreaming in years."
Review of Adderall: "I'm a 50 year old male diagnosed with depressive subtype ADD 15 years ago. I've tried Ritalin, Adderall, Dextrastat, Emsam, and various other antidepressants as I'm dysphoric. All these medicines have helped. Holiday's are good for resetting tolerance. Years ago, I needed 60mg Adderall in the morning and 30 at noon, after working up from Ritalin which became too weak. I'm on Prilosec for stomach acid now, and non-XR stimulants taken only in the morning still keep me awake at night, for which 0.5-1 mg of Klonopin cures. I don't get addicted to anything, so no problem, though nothing makes me feel really good either -even narcotics or sex! A well functioning mind and getting things done is my main high."
Review of Intuniv: "My son is 13 and has been on Intuniv for 2 weeks. The first week we were in shock thinking "He is so NICE now".  In the 2nd week he seems to be getting more forgetful, less concentration. But he is eating so much more now. We were always saying eat, eat!  Not now.  Hopefully in time the concentration will be there. Some headaches."
Review of Adderall XR: "I was taking Generic Adderall 10 mg twice a day. I took it for a month and had a number of side effects that disappeared over time, except for 2 of them, increased excessive urination and stomach problems. So my doctor switched me to Adderall XR 20 mg. The side effects are pretty much gone so far, I have been getting sour stomach, but I started a pretty good probiotic - 9 strains 50 billion bacteria- and it's helped some. I've been on the xr for 3 days now. I can't say much for it being consistently effective though, it's also much more subtle as far as focus/concentration goes, and it seems to wear off much sooner than its supposed to, though it's hard to tell. I experience no crash at all. It's definitely much gentler than the IR version."
Review of Adderall: "I have been suffering through ADD and Dyslexia my whole life. Together, the two work together to make your life a hell pit. Dyslexia made it harder for me to understand things and ADD made it hard for me to keep my focus long enough to understand it. I have been on and off ADD medications throughout my life, all which had negatives which outweighed the positives. I am now 17, I also lost hope in myself that I would ever be, "normal". It was taking me as least 10 times as long to complete task as my classmates. I started to become a burnout... until, I was prescribed Adderall. My head that once felt like a rock, now feels totally capable of thinking. My grades went up and now I have hope. I still have challenges, but they are manageable."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My daughter is 6 years old and was diagnosed with ADHD when she was 4. I just recently put her on medication due to the fact her grades were slipping and she was in trouble constantly at school. She is on 30mg of Vyvanse. Although she has improved 100% at school she comes down off the medication at about 5pm and is a holy terror. She gets put to bed at 8 and does not fall asleep until some time around midnight. Also she does not eat hardly anything but she has always been that way for the most part."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Worked great for a couple of months when I first started. I've had ADD my entire life and have never felt clear minded for focus. At first when I started vyvanse I had no side effects, after a couple months of being on it my grades were up in school but I started getting tons of side effects from it. The most notable was the social anxiety from it and having a hard time talking to people. When I first got put on this drug I was able to hold conversations with everyone but then it made me super shy and introverted... So fast forward another 3 years I was still taking this drug and actually addicted to it. Everyday no matter the circumstances I would take anywhere from 30-90mg per day. Stay away from this medication if you are easily addicted"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I've been on Vyvanse a few years and I remember the exact moment I realized it kicked in. Out of the blue I thought "oh my goodness" is this what normal feels like. My main reason for this post is in reading here I've noticed a couple of people have mentioned the expense. If you go to Vyvanse website you can get a savings card, the card brings the cost to $30:)"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have been taking Adderall now for about a month. So far so good, it's helped me focus a lot. I felt good before in regard to mood, now I feel even better. I'm concerned it may cause libido issues when I have been on it longer. "
Review of Focalin XR: "I have an 8 year old with ADHD, ODD & anxiety and a 7 year old with ADHD.  We tried everything before going to meds - healthy diet (no sugar/dyes), exercise, consistent schedule.  Both boys have taken Focalin XR for a year (started with low dosages and increased as they grew) and it's been life changing!  The meds have drastically improved their grades, behaviors and relationships.  Both boys take a small dose of Focalin with lunch to get through the afternoon and a small dose of Clonidine in the evening to slow things down for bedtime.  Focalin XR has been our saving grace - now instead of CONSTANT redirection, we can actually go do things and have fun.  The only side effects are suppressed appetite, but they are both a healthy weight."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I've been taking this medication for many months now. I take it on work days mostly & days when I need to get up and go. I still have depression and sometimes it's hard to sleep but not always. It helps if you love food because I don't over eat but if I forget to bring a snack to work I get a little nauseous or I just feel super hungry by the end of my shift because I forget about food for like 7-9 hours. I try to eat food before I take it. Girls at work ask me what helps me be confident and sell stuff and I tell them vyvanse. I have depression and anxiety but this helps so much. I do feel really tired and like I don't want to do stuff on days I don't take it and after it wears off. So my doctors trying me on brintellex or something too."
Review of Dexedrine: "Treatment for ADHD save my life. Don't believe all the hype and the stigma around this diagnosis and treatment. It is a real condition there is real treatment and it makes a real and profound difference to the lives of people with this debilitating condition. So don't be afraid to seek help if you think you might have ADHD it is not just childhood illness in in my opinion it generally consists persists in some form for the duration of your life just like any other disease"
Review of Vyvanse: "I started out with 50 mg and then went to 70mg.  My blood pressure skyrocketed and I have always had low blood pressure.  My doctor took me off of this immediately.  "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I started this medication yesterday. 1st day was great, I felt alert and motivated. On the 2nd day, I could not focus very well, once I realized I can't focus I started getting stressed and then out of no where I felt great sadness come over me and cried for two hours.  This medication clearly altered my emotional state.  Pros- lasts throughout the day, does suppress appetite for those of us looking to shed few pounds."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am in grade 12 and I have been on concerta since grade 3. I have noticed I am underweight and I have trouble sleeping at night. But concerta has helped me focus in school, but I just wish it didn't come with some of the side effects."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My experience with Concerta has been amazing. I am 12 and this has helped me deal with bullying, anger issues, and lack of focus. I have learned that just because you are ADHD does not mean you can't have a normal life. I recommend this to anybody who is ashamed by their weight, has trouble focusing, and has anxiety issues but make sure to eat regularly because Concerta makes it so you don't know if you are hungry or not."
Review of Vyvanse: "I feel like the character in the movie "Limitless" because I have been responding extremely well with this medicine!  It is known that medicine works different for everyone, but for me it's a God send and I only take 20 mg. I have always had a tough time comprehending everything even talking.  I have to focus on what I'm saying to make less grammar mistakes and sometimes I do sound slow. Vyvanse has enhanced my comprehension: I can now do math quicker, enjoy reading and listening, and actually talk like a normal person. I feel happy and energetic.  Sounds too good to be true, but I consider myself lucky. No adverse side effects yet.  "
Review of Atomoxetine: "All it did was make me feel like a zombie. I personally don't recommend this drug, as it only makes you get nauseous and very tired, and causes insomnia."
Review of Dyanavel XR: "It's works but my child doesn't like the bubble gum flavor. Will be trying something else."
Review of Methylphenidate: "This medicine made me feel zombie like. I had hopes of focus and alertness and I know achieving the level of focus intended for the medicine does take a couple of weeks to take effect. But I do not think I can tolerate the restlessness feeling to achieve the intended effect. Just my opinion."
Review of Adderall: "This pill definitely keeps me focused."
Review of Strattera: "It was very expensive and provided no help."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "After being diagnosed with ADHD when I was eleven and being on Adderall XR for nine years I have to say Vyvanse is the best thing that has happened to me.The last year in college Adderall made me anxious, suspicious, and generally unhappy. So after several trials with Ritalin and Cymbalta, I am proud to say that I am doing much better on Vyvanse and my grades were awesome this semester. Two A's, two B's and a C! Much better than two B's and three C's. I am on 40mg of Vyvanse. I did lose 20lbs during the first two months but I gained it back. I also do have some trouble eating in the afternoons but when the medicine wears off, which I never notice haha, I am able to eat quite a bit of food.Overall, Vyvanse is an amazing choice."
Review of Vyvanse: "Been on this medication for about three years now, has improved my quality of life so much!"
Review of Vyvanse: "My daughter is 17 and has been taking vyvanse for 3 weeks. All I can say is "wow"  her GPA has went up 1 point!!! her main problem was taking tests...she could not concentrate at all !!! homework was ok but work at school was terrible ...now she scores 85 % and up in all her classes . Sha actually enjoys schools , her self esteem grew (she always thought she was not as smart as other kids). I dont know if thats how it will work all the time but so far it has been great ! She has some appettite loss especially during the day but it has been coming back slowly and she started to eat more normal.  She does not take the mediciane on weekends unless she studies. I dont see any other side affects besides loss of appetite."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "The first month I took this was perfect. Better focus, better moods, more productive and was able to process info better. Then I got my refill and things got bad. Those particular ones messed with my breathing, made my mind race, so focusing was even harder than before I ever took meds for focus, horrible anxiety and paranoia. I know these two prescriptions were technically supposed to be the same, but they certainly were not the same! This stuff felt like either completely different medicine or it was made from some dirty dirt cheap ingredients. They were both Actavis, but something just wasn't right with that refill. I didn't even go a full week taking those. I felt heartbroken because the first one worked so well."
Review of Concerta: "My son is 8 and started taking this med 8 weeks ago. We took him off. He looked like he had black eyes from not sleeping and wouldn't eat.  He also developed tics and reported stomach and chest pain. He did okay on Ritalin. We switched him onto Concerta because of the once a day dose.  "
Review of Adderall XR: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD when he was 2.  He is now 11.  We have tried changing his diet, herbal remedies, Vyvanse, Strattera, and several others.  The thing that has worked without causing headaches is the Adderall RX.  He does have a loss of appetite, but his behavior and ability to concentrate are definitely worth it."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have a now 10 yo son that was diagnosed with ADD & ADHD when he was 7. His Dr. has put him on all  different types of meds since.  The only one we found that seemed to work for him, was Vyvanse, well now he's on Strattera 18 MG and I had to rush him to the ER because he was complaining about his chest bothering him, and I mean really bad.  They said he was fine, besides his heart rate,which was really really high, but they didn't see anything wrong. I mentioned he was on Strattera, and they said that the meds can be a big part of it.  I took him off of it for the next two days, and he was fine. Started him back on it, and a week later, (2/6/16) he was having pains in his chest again, so I've been trying to get a hold of his Dr to stop it."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have 9 yr old twins who have ADHD. They've been on Concerta we are up to 36 mg and it was doing nothing. When they started having side effects - constant picking of scalp, sniffling, and puckering of mouth they were taken off. We then went to Adderall and they both got very aggressive. We are now on Ritalin 20 mg. One just started today so I'm not sure how it's going to go with him but the other has been on it for awhile and he's doing so good. He wants to take it, it makes him happy he says. Today when I took them to school he held his 5yr old brothers hand when they walked in. For some people that may not be a big deal but before he didn't want anything to do with him. He is very talkative on it but very sweet and helpful."
Review of Metadate CD: "My son was having alot of trouble in school and we ended up having him repeat the first grade. At the end of his first year in first grade we put him on the medication and saw an immediate difference on his focus. He is finally above goal in his classwork. So as far as school goes he is doing amazing. The con for us is my son is very thin to begin with so the medication hasnt helped with weight gain. Also he does strange things like hitting himself in the chest not hard just looks strange. He just does odd things at times. But he doesnt have any issues sleeping. "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Amazing medication! My teenager has severe ADHD, and it has turned her life around! She is able to be her true self, but before her severe ADHD often overshadowed her great personality. She does have depression and anxiety but the Vyvanse does not cause that. The medicine did make her lose almost 25 pounds, and she was in 9th grade and she weighed 99 pounds. She was really small, and we almost had to take her off the medicine, but she eventually started gaining weight. She is still very small, but her weight is healthy. It does make her a bit more irritable, but it's nothing compared to the rage she had before the medicine. Vyvanse has finally been able to get rid of that ADHD, and help her think clearly, and be herself!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "I was prescribed strattera 50mg once a day to go along with the 20mg of Ritalin I take 2x a day because the Ritalin doesn't cover me for later at night, because I go out almost every night with friends. The doctor said after a week or 2 it should start to work. I took it for 2 weeks and continued to get cold sweats, shivers, and just felt like crap so I stopped taking it. It didn't help one bit. It made me feel like I was on a anti depressant or something.  All around terrible experience and I will never take it again. I'm at my doctors today to rectify the situation"
Review of Bupropion: "I was just diagnosed at 40 with ADHD, depression and anxiety. I currently take 150mg & have noticed a Chang in moods & focus. I can complete projects, don't feel so hopeless, downcast, & helpless. I actually have a desire to live life. I am truly greatful for this medicine."
Review of Ritalin: "I have suffered from ADHD since childhood. After trying several medications, Ritalin is the only one that continues to work for me."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been taking this medicine for two weeks now. Most of the side effects have gone away with the exception of the lack of appetite which is not really a bad thing. My life has improved I have been taking 50 mg. I cleaned my car for the first time in 6 months! The only problem is, it does not last for 12 hours, after about 6 hours I start to crash then at 8-9 hours I start to get anxious and OCD. I don't know if I have to increase my dose but am unsure because of heart issues it causes. Pros: Helps with organization, I am excited about things for the first time when I was a teenager. My symptoms went from more external ADD to internal ADD as I became an adult'Cons: Does not last full 12 hours, can make me moody."
Review of Methylphenidate: "It does work, depending on your dosage. But when I use it I find that I'm hyperactive, jittery, over excited, slightly aroused, and sometimes in a good mood (but that changes when it crashes). It's similar to coffee in its side effects but it lasts much much longer. After I come home from college I find I'm depressed (on occasion), still jittery, still "wound up", sometimes exited, and very uncomfortable. While it does help me focus it is not pleasant to be on it. I took the 54 MG dosage but I have been on smaller dosages before and has the same issues. Also when driving I feel like it lowers my ability to drive but I'm not 100% sure if it does or if its my imagination."
Review of Methamphetamine: "This drug has the highest rating because it works the best.  It is a shame that the insurance companies have such a hard time giving people the drugs that work.  I have such issues with the other drugs that treat my ADHD that I have stopped taking any because the insurance company wont pay for desoxyn.  Shame on them!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Just started taking Vyvanse. Before I was taking Adderall 30mg XR and I'll tell you Vyvanse works so much better. Vyvanse stays active until it wears off. The only bad part is, sometimes it will stop working for like 5 minutes and then it will start working wonders again. It helps me get my work done and it helps me stay in control and very focused all day long while I'm working. Before I started taking Vyvanse I couldn't concentrate what so ever. And I would never get my work done. It also makes me feel the best that I have ever felt in my whole life. If it wasn't for Vyvanse I would probably be fired. I'm 24 and I finally get to enjoy life. To the people who made Vyvanse god bless you."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been taking Vyvanse on and off for a little over 2 years. I am currently taking 70mg. It really helps me focus and multi-task at work. It also has helped with my anxiety and I am able to tackle things that normally I would try to stay away from doing because of my anxiety. I usually take it during the weekdays and not take it on the weekends because I can go 10 to 12 hours without eating and barely having anything to drink because my appetite is not there. I've lost 95 pounds since taking Vyvanse. It also has made my libido go through the roof. There's an upside and downside to the medication. Overall, it has helped more than it has hurt but there are negatives and positives."
Review of Vyvanse: "I feel that I have had ADHD all my life, but I was only officially diagnosed when I was 17. I have been on Vyvanse for close to 6 years now and I can say that in the beginning it worked just how I hoped it would. It gave me energy and the ability to focus and get things done that I needed to. I started off on one 30 mg pill a day but I feel that I quickly built up a tolerance to it. I am now on two 50 mg pills (100mg) a day and it still doesn't have the effect that it used to on me. That is just one of a few things that I don't like about it. I feel like it worked for a short amount of time, but now it's just a pill that I can't get out of bed in the morning without taking. My depression has also worsened because of it I feel."
Review of Atomoxetine: "We started strattera 10mg then 18mg then 25mg for our 9yr old. In the beginning it was great, after about 5 days of each dose it was clearly time to increase to the next dose, but now we have been at 25 mg for over a month and the impulsivity and anger has gotten worse again over the past 2 weeks or so, and we can't increase the dose any further. Will be calling her doctor Monday to change to something else. An alarming thing to me is that she is also sad and crying a whole lot, which is new. This child never cried before."
Review of Daytrana: "This is our second month on Daytrana for my 5 year old, who used to have many problems in school: getting into trouble, not sitting, hitting other kids, etc... It takes about 2 hrs to kick in but what a difference. He is evenly calm and listens, no violent outbursts or being hateful. He was on Focalin XR for 9 mos. too much trouble with capsules, had to grind beads and put in his drinks to drink. Having trouble at school to take second dose, he refused. Don't like red skin irritations, putting baby oil, lotion, and Neosporin as it is itchy and he scratches, breaking skin. Easy to put on at 6 am while he is still sleeping so it can kick in by 8 am when school starts. Wonderful!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I wasn't diagnosed with ADHD until my 30s.  I am now 47.  My biggest struggle is trying to stay awake, focused and on task.  On Adderall I was finally able to organize all the billions of thoughts racing around in my head and focus in on the tasks at hand.  Downside - as the years went on I went from 5 mg 2x a day to 20 mg 2x a day over a period of 10 or so years.  I ended up getting off because I started feeling very hot all the time - shorts in 40 degree weather was comfortable for me. The other problem was I was starting to sleep 12 hours a day (work from home so literally worked, slept, ate, slept)- this resolved after stopping the Adderall. Loved how kept me efficient in tasking but extreme fatigue forced me to find another alternative"
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 9 year old was doing very well but then became overly aggressive. We are temporarily taking him off to evaluate. But he was doing better in school, sports and socially."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son is 6 AND has been diagnosed with ADHD. Concerta is one of the medications we have tried. It does wonders for him during the day, he has GONE from being the class clown to top student. He always had it in him just lacked the ability to stay focused long enough to show it. However, during the evening is when we started noticing the difference it made in our child. He doesn't eat, he whispers even when everyone else was being loud, he became very emotional, and he would sit with a coloring books and color for hours... or sit at the computer playing games, he never slept . This was very unlike our son... he was usually climbing walls like spiderman... running around... jumping... happy go lucky! He became very withdrawn. We took him off it."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I started Vyvanse at 15 after a 2 year run on Concerta which I hated. When I started Vyvanse I was 5'8 150lbs. I started on the 30 mg dose and within a year was down to 132 pounds. The medicine works like a charm but makes it near impossible for me to eat."
Review of Provigil: "Provigil works great for energy, as well as ADD. I also suffer from Major Panic Disorder, and depression. This medicine gives me such a boost with no side effects, other then a little mood change late in the evening. I recently lost my health insurance due to my divorce, and could not afford it for 6 months, and what a difference I felt, no energy, and I slept more then ever. I think this medication is over priced, by all means, especially for people that it really works for and helps them though. The insurance company's need to cover this medicine, especially when it helps people with ADD and depression, and gives them energy that helps motivate them."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Very strong. The best ADHD medication."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 11 year old daughter started Vyvanse 5 months ago when she was diagnosed with ADHD.  Her doctor keeps increasing her dosage-we've gone from 20 to 40 mg, but I am not really seeing a difference. Her appetite has dropped, but we find that feeding her well in the mornings and evenings has helped.  She is having problems with friends at school and we have noticed that she is incredibly bossy. She has been argumentative with everyone around her lately.."
Review of Daytrana: "My daughter has ADHD and has tried every medication out there. Most did nothing but once we tried Daytrana Patches that was exactly what she needed.  Her grades improved as well as her concentration and her attitude. I am so thankful that we found the patch. She has used Daytrana for the last eight years. Even though she is 22 now, it is still a very important tool to help her focus in her last year of college. Organization, planning, study habits and everything else that goes out the window with ADHD is a new way of life and much more pleasant all the way around. Daytrana helps my daughter reach her potential and stay focused. She does have some redness from the patch but she would forget to take a pill everyday."
Review of Guanfacine: "My daughter is 8. She started on Concerta over a year ago, didn't work long enough. The doctor started her on Intuniv for ADHD and Lexapro for depression. After about 3 weeks it was working great. She calmed down, started doing her school work AND homework. The worst side effect she has is dry mouth. I think if I can get that under control she will be great."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My daughter was on Daytrana for ten years and yes it did help keep her calm and focused during school but at what costs.She was put on it from 2007 till 2016. Her school requested for her to be put on adhd medication. Daytrana was prescribed by her doctor sense we couldn't get her to take pills.  You basically apply in on top of your ovaries if you are a girl.  Of course I asked all of the questions that a concerned parent would. Here we are ten years later and she is fifteen and flat chested and just now finally got her period. I am now wondering if she can even have children later on of course but worrying. Our other daughter is 11 and got her period and is about a b cup and she is a foot taller, she however is not adhd or on meds."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I feel as though Vyvanse allows me to not feel the ups and downs. I don't always have to be doing something but I am concentrated and alert to what I have to do. I started taking vyvanse for the past year and a half and I went from a B student to a 4.0, international student."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have just started using Vyvanse a couple days ago. Even though I haven't been on it for very long, I already notice some differences in my everyday life. Almost everything has changed for the greater good. The only bad thing I have to pick on is that I have experienced a multitude of side effects such as headaches, rapid heart beats, and dizziness. Other than that, I like Vyvanse so far. My opinion in the future may or may not change, but most likely not. The effects of Vyvanse are pretty immediate, for me at least. It has also come to my attention that some people don't notice any change sometimes."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 23 year old female, recently diagnosed with ADD.  Thanks to my amazing doctor, he discovered my problem was actually not anxiety (like I've been told my entire life), but actually ADD.  Makes complete sense.  Always been a horrible student, and have had to work my butt off in college.  Vyvanse is amazing:  gives me energy, do not have to nap every day, my thoughts and emotions are very thought out, have already improved in school.  I actually hear people when they talk to me now!  I am much more social, relaxed, and confident.  I feel like myself with Vyvanse.  Only downfall- makes me really tired when it wears off in the evening and I cannot drink more than 1 or 2 cups of coffee during the day, or else I get very anxious!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been on Concerta since I was about 13 (I'm 22 now).  When I first started the medication I experienced a fair amount of weight loss. Overall, Concerta has truly changed my life and made me a more focused student.  Since I've been on it for so long, I have learned to manage side effects but some that have been ongoing are: upset stomach right after taking the medication (due to the stimulant effects and lack of food), slight headaches, jitters, binging when the medication wears off, and occasional paranoia.  When first beginning the medication, remember to force yourself to have some caloric in-take even if it is just a smoothie.  This has been life-changing, but please remember to balance out your diet."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I have been taking dexedrine for about seven days now and it has definitely helped with my chronic feelings of anxiety - that painful feeling in your chest. This in turn has allowed me to better concentrate on the daily issues at hand then constantly having that feeling of flight or flight regarding any number of daily life issues.Thus far very helpful and I hope to continue down this path - I wish I had tried this drug years ago."
Review of Adderall: "I take 5 milligrams as needed for school. I take it right before school, maybe around 6am, school starts around 7am. I've noticed extremely dizziness, I get hot so easily, even more anxious, so much more depressed, so tired, terrible headaches, and excessive talking. I wake up in the morning to bump into every possible wall, my vision is completely blacked out. I can't walk for more than a mile, without feeling faint. I eat well and drink lots of water (due to a horrible experience with Vyvanse, in which i lost 20lbs) Not only that but falling asleep is killer. I've never taken such a small dose, and have such poor results."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have suffered from ADD/ADHD for all my life. I am currently 23 years old. I was on vyvanse (40 mgs, I am extremely sensitive to pills). I have tried about 5 different stimulant type medicines. Vyvanse really changed my life. I was able to transition from the food service industry to a Real Estate career. I got Mono, and had to stop the medicine while my body recovered. I really liked the way i felt off it. But i now feel as though my life is unmanageable. I don't like the feeling of being medicated so young with out any proof of long term effects, but i feel like i am drowning. I feel alone in my ADHD because its not something that people feel sympathetic toward. Vyvanse really changed that feeling."
Review of Vyvanse: "As a 44 year old male, who recently went for treatment of this problem.  I went for almost 43 with always knowing that something was missing. Being a over achiever I made every attempt to complete everything but never really completed anything. This drug has changed that. It allows me to focus on the task that I have in front of me and complete it. Which has been a breath of fresh air for my job, my marriage and my kids."
Review of Adderall: "I liked how focused it made me however if I was agitated it made it worse"
Review of Vyvanse: "I've been almost 3 years taking 30mg. Initially, it was sporadical. Now I just need it daily to function properly. Until one year ago I took Lexapro 10 mg   Xanax 1 or 2 mg/day. Now I had to increase Xanax to 4mg per day and sometimes Rohypnol to try to get some sleep. I feel really depressed and it's getting worse, also easily angry, that didn't occur when I took Lexapro but my psychiatrist didn't think it was necessary to take it any longer. I have to make major efforts to overcome suicidal thoughts. Have awful tremors and recently a unusual chest pain."
Review of Methylphenidate: "The only problem I have with it is lose of appetite."
Review of Ritalin: "I love this. I've started taking it 3 years ago, it's effective for me. The best thing about this pills it makes me less-hungry, and it help me lose weight!"
Review of Guanfacine: "Have been on intuniv for about a month now. I feel like I have been crawling out of my skin and emotionally very upset. I feel at times I could break down in tears over a commercial, or when my kids hug me and tell me they love me. I am normally a emotionally reserved man and keep them in check because of my line of work. I really do feel like I am going nuts on this medication. I have officially stopped taking the medication until I can talk with my doctor."
Review of Concerta: "So i was diagnosed with inattentive type ADHD about a month or two ago. I'm 19 and in second year university. I struggle to take in information in distracting settings like big lecture halls, have  tough time focusing, and my organization skills have always been poor. So my doctor prescribed 18mg concerta. I've taken it for a week so far and I'm loving the results. Im now always listening in lectures, always focusing on what the prof is saying. My room, car, desk is now more organized than it has ever been, and its stayed that way so far! Many people complain about lack of appetite but I haven't noticed that at all! Ive noticed two minor side effects so far. Headaches that start later in the day, as well as some minor irritability."
Review of Concerta: "For a while it was good, I was doing okay in school and focusing more, but the more I increased my dose the worse the quality of life became, my social anxiety went through the roof. The worst part about it for me was that when my dose was 72 mg the cutoff or withdrawal was horrible, as soon as it wore off my face would get a big red rash and would pulsate, and my pores would get huge, this would happen everyday, and it was irritating and made me self conscious, so I took myself off the medication and noticed it stopped. I havent been on it since and I would like to start a new medication with less side effects."
Review of Evekeo: "I have bipolar I disorder with psychotic and depressive features and a diagnosis of ADHD. I take meds for all three conditions. I take Vyvanse 50mg in the AM. When that wares off, I take Evekeo 10 mg twice every 4-5 hours, PM. I also take my stimulants with Ativan as I also have anxiety too. Evekeo is perfect for me. It doesn't make me feel hyper nor does it give me that 'high' feeling. It normalizes me and I can actually be driven and calm at the same time. Since I take two stimulants, you're probably wondering how in the world. All I can say is that Vyvanse doesn't last all day long for me, so I supplement with Evekeo. I take Evekeo once Vyvanse wares out. I'm happy with them both."
Review of Vyvanse: "Addressing the misinformed subscriber who proclaimed, " Vyvanse is SPEED! ", and that it's use led to his rapid addiction to speed. This is clinically not possible. Though there is an underlying component of amphetamine to this med, it is moreover a CNS (  Central Nervous System Stimulant ), as is stratera ( which contains a large percentage of norepinephrine in it and may help those battling depression as well as ADD) . Guess what else is classified as a CNS. - your morning coffee.  We all recognize Folgers and Nescaffe as unregulated gateway drugs, so shouldn't we get excited about them as some of these '  users and their abuses of caffeine ' aside the evils of Vyvanse? Personal responsibility and accountability are key."
Review of Methylin ER: "My adult ADHD is the result of a traumatic brain injury. This has been helpful with the ADHD, but also with other symptoms from the TBI."
Review of Concerta: "I am a 20 y/o girl. I was on 54 mg of Concerta once a day. This drug was the worst thing thats ever happened to me. It did help my grades but I felt most of it was placebo and the fact that the side effects were so horrible I wanted to focus on work to distract myself. It made my anxiety unbearable and constant. My heart beat in my head. My whole left arm and pinky would feel numb and prickly. I knew I was hungry but could not eat and was disgusted by food. I fell into a horrible depression and felt just overwhelming darkness. The pros was that it made sitting in long classes and retaining information much easier. I felt excited about learning and getting work done. Overall it helped with school but the side effects are not worth it."
Review of Focalin XR: "Works Well"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "My 18 year old son takes Adderall 30 mg. time released . I am amazed by the change in him and so is he. He has not beeen taking it for a week now and I came to the sight to see what others are saying about it and from what I have read it can make U very irritable and such if U just stop like that and miss days or think u don't need it for some days and that totally explains to me the drastic change in my son this past week ( VERY grumpy and easily irritated ) Thanks for all the comments."
Review of Guanfacine: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD a few years ago and like most parents I refused to believe that anything was "wrong" with my son. After research I decided against medication because of the TERRIBLE reviews and side effects... until I heard about Intuniv. It has been one of the BEST decisions that I have ever made. He still has his happy little personality and still a rambunctious little boy but he is able to sit in class without bouncing off the walls and his grades have really improved. Like previous reviews he was very tired and had headaches in the beginning but like the Dr promised that quickly faded. He is 8 now and will remind me if I forget to give it to him because he says that it makes him feel better, and he sleeps like a log."
Review of Concerta: "Found out I had ADHD my sophomore year & was put on this pill. Started at 36mg and I could definitely see changes. Very moody, could not go to sleep at night, I always so jumpy and on the go, but I will have to say it helped A LOT with my troubles on paying attention in school. Went from D's & F's to an honor roll student. The only thing that's really scary for most people is the weight loss it can cause. I weighed 130 my freshman year and in the middle of my junior year I was 94 pounds. So you really have to watch that!"
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 20 years old and have been taking 60mg Vyvanse for a little more than 4 years now and It really helps me focus. It increases my attention span, clarity, and motivation without giving me jitters. However, I have experienced almost every side effect that comes with this medicine including insomnia, appetite loss, night time depression, flat-lined emotions throughout the day, ect. However, despite what you might think, there are ways around these bad side effects. Staying healthy is KEY. Making sure your keeping yourself hydrated and getting a good hour of exercise everyday can greatly reduce some of these bad side effects, and also hanging out with friends regularly helps too. This is just my experience though."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm 20 i have been on concerta for 3 years.... before i was on everything else... every other medication was a emotional rollercoaster ride.... and i was  very angry before... now 5 years later.... i'm the happiest most confident person... graduated college with honors, and lead a "out of trouble" life!!! THANX CONCERTA"
Review of Ritalin: "I take 10 mg generic Ritalin as needed. It gets me moving and I can focus a little better. I already have hair thinning and the doc warned me that this is a known side effect for some. However, I don't know if the Ritalin contributes to my hair loss or not. For me, I need to take it about 2 hours after breakfast for it to work. Then it lasts about 4 hours. I probably need a script to take this twice a day instead of once."
Review of Adderall XR: "I took Adderall for about 7-8 months.  It was the first medication that I have taken for ADHD as in the past I have suffered through the symptoms.  Overall I would say that it helped my focus and drowsiness.  Other than that I didn't notice a huge change in other areas, though the ability to stay awake and keep focused helped at work. I still managed to forget important events.  It works well for those of us who have the in-attentive type ADHD."
Review of Ritalin: "Im a 19 year old athletic kid, and when I was prescribed this 3 years ago it did wonders. It was my junior year of high school and I was prescribed 10mg twice a day, once in the morning and once at lunch, with an optional one in the afternoon if I had a lot of homework or studying. My grades were much better and it didnt have any side effects. Now, 3 years later I have a bad tolerance and I had to up my dosage to 20mg three times a day. I now take it to even make it to class and if I dont take it I can barely stay awake. Like many people said it makes you feel extremely sluggish like a zombie, and its an absolutely awful feeling. I lose emotions, have mood swings and even my sex drive with my girlfriend is completely destroyed."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was diagnosed with ADHD in 2nd grade. I have been on medication ever since (I'm 31 now). I started Concerta in high school and I must say it did very well to get me through class in college. I was even in my majors honor society. Now I have to say I think the years of various medicines have caused some real adverse reactions. I'm very depressed and moody. I've gone from being the big go getter in my company to borderline at best. Worst of all I have a new son and my anxiety is really getting in the way of me enjoying him."
Review of Adderall XR: "I am a 36 year old African American female graduate student who is currently applying to med school, while working full-time in a hospital pharmacy. I had been on Effexor 150mg daily for several years for depression. Last March (2011), I was diagnosed with ADHD by a LCSW with 30 years of experience in the field. Initially, I was on Concerta 36mg, but switched to the less expensive Adderall XR 20mg daily. I find that my concentration is much better, but I have lost 30 lbs. & have a decreased libido. After taking Adderall XR 20mg for only 3 months, I saw significant improvements in my MCAT score (8th MCAT attempt)! This year, I am will definitely obtain a competitive score & finally secure my spot in med school. THANKS ADDERALL XR!"
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvanse has changed my life, for the better. It gives me the motivation and confidence I need to complete tasks that otherwise would be daunting and unappealing. Talk to your doctor first to make sure you actually would benefit from it. The only down side is how expensive it can get if you're not covered."
Review of Strattera: "My doctor gave me a 30 day trial of Strattera with incrementing doses each week. It started with 10mg and the last week was 60mg. I didn't really notice a positive difference with any dosage but I did have an extremely detailed and horrific dream the first two nights but after that my sleeping was normal. As far as side effects other than the two night terrors I was slightly constipated. It took a lot more effort to make myself do #2. I'm currently on Adderall XR and it seems to do the trick."
Review of Clonidine: "My son has been on this for about 2 years, as well as vyvanse. It really calms him down so he can go to bed and get a good nights sleep! He used to have nightmares, but since hes been on this medication, he hasn't had one! Again I thank the makers of these wonder drugs and I know my son thanks you all as well!"
Review of Vyvanse: "26y/o male 5'9 170lb taking vyvanse for 6-7 years. Started with 30mg now on 60mg. I had previously been given everything else for ADHD but nothing stuck long term. Vyvanse has helped, coupled with regular exercise and healthy eating habits. "
Review of Concerta: "My son started Concerta 18mg a little over a year ago at 9 yrs old. What a positive change for him!! His self-esteem was back and he was social and smiling all the time. Made new friends easily and enjoyed things other than video games and TV. Lately, we have noticed a change...his concentration is not as good, he has trouble getting organized at school and likes to stay in his room for hours at a time. He reminds me of the kid he was before medication. April 1st, we have an apt with the pediatrician and I am assuming we will up the dose to 27mg and hopefully find our happy boy again! We have also tried Biphentin, which did not work for us. Concerta has been a life saver and I hope it will continue to be with the proper dosage :)"
Review of Strattera: "My parents took me in for testing in 5th grade because of lacking in school, failing at best. A few years later in high school I went to my therapist for extreme anxiety and my PCP diagnosed me with ADHD. I was put on strattera at age 16. Worked amazing almost right away. My only side effects were extreme dry mouth for a few weeks and loss of appetite . I also lost about 20 pounds. Which I was pleased with because I've always struggled with being over weight. I was doing better in school.  Being able to focus on papers and projects and for the first time even doing my homework and turning it in on time. My self confidence grew tremendously also. I made better eating choices and wasn't anxious. Now 25 and starting again! No side effects so far"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been taking Concerta XL for around 2 months after finally being diagnosed as and adult. I started on 18mg, and within half an hour, I felt able to concentrate and focus on tasks for the 1st time. A couple of days later, I had crippling headaches but everything settled down after that. My resting heart rate has sped up by 10bpm whilst the medication is in effect. I'm currently on 54mg and the therapeutic effects are great, but I feel dehydrated no matter how much water I drink, and I have developed sinus problems. It's worth it though."
Review of Strattera: "For a little while it did make my ADHD feel better but all of a sudden extreme depression hit me and I was sleeping ALL of the time!"
Review of Guanfacine: "Our son has been on Intuniv for 3 yrs.  We started in K when he was diagnosed with ADHD he is very impulsive, not easily compliant, underlying anexity. The behavioral issues in school, we began at 1mg.  BIG NOTE HERE, I have read reviews, I'm surprised a Dr. prescribes this Med to a patient at a higher dosage! Always start at 1mg & increase as time goes on, if needed.  My son was on 1mg for a yr, we increased to 2mg in October.  By that summer, I reduced to 1mg.  Having to raise it again one mth into school.  We were able to get thru that school year on 2 mg.  Now, Year 3 & we increased to 3mg 3 days ago. Anyone have experience with 3mg with their 8 yr old?  He is super sleepy as he adjusts and irritable. naps, wakes up, seems happy again."
Review of Intuniv: "At 7 yrs old my son was diagnosed with ADHD. We tried a few medications like Concerta & Vyvanse. Both were terrible & either made him a zombie or completely took his appetite away. I discussed with his doctor my concerns about his lack of weight gain & she suggested Intuniv. We started at 1mg, increased to 2mg & finally settled on 3 mg. He's done wonderful with this dose for almost 2 & 1/2 years. Since last Christmas things have taken a downfall & so now we're looking at increasing to 4mg. It makes me nervous.  I just hope I'm making the right decision for him."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I think it works better with less digestive side affects.  Not as hyper focused, just the right focus."
Review of Ritalin: "Ritalin helped me when I was young. Now I'm 27 and using it again."
Review of Methylphenidate: "For me, who is about to be 40 years old, I found that I had a shorter fuse than normal, couldn't finish anything, no energy, no focus. Went in to talk with a doctor and he tested me and found that I too was ADHD. I cannot tell you that I was shocked.  He said it was bad enough to warrant 36mg starting point.  I started it on a Thursday and by Sunday I had lost 6 lbs already.  Not that I didn't like losing that much but not the way it happened.  I have been so nauseated.  Now, days are not too bad but I feel like I am crashing at night and also very nauseated at night still. I cannot take this anymore. I will actually go back to the way I was, before I will keep up with this.  For my son at 81mg a day. It is absolutely FANTASTIC for him."
Review of Vyvanse: "WARNING: Majority of the positive reviews for this drug are from people that are new to Vyvanse and problem is that this drug works wonders at start but benefits quickly starts to diminish and side effects start to get worse.I took vyvanse for two years and at first it worked great for ADD. However after taking it consistently for few months I started experiencing anxiety, depression, aggressiveness, anti social behavior, insomnia and isolation... things I never experienced before in my life. The drug is also very addictive because if you stop you feel 100x worse then before you started taking it but the longer you take it the higher dosage you need to get same effect. Eventually it stops working and you just need it to get out of bed."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have ADHD plus anxiety. I was diagnosed 20 years ago. I've always had difficulties in school, work and life because of this. I've been on Ritalin, adderall, strattera (awful med) plus 30 or more anti-deppressants, anxiety meds, seems anything from A-Z. I started 20m vyvanse month ago. 1st 6 days okay...had headaches. Then came irritability, paranoia, crying, scared, ALL negative. Concentrated to hard, more mistakes at work. I purposely dumped it in the sink. Only positive: 1-3 hours of energy. Doc switched me to Metadate CD. After 3 days, the fog began to lift and no side effects. I'm sorry I wasted $50. But that's life and today I'm good."
Review of Strattera: "I love Strattera! I'm a 31 year old woman with ADHD that has gone untreated my whole life. I finally got tested and diagnosed with ADHD, and after doing lots of research decided to try Strattera. This is the first and only thing I've tried for ADHD and I love it. I've been taking 40mg for two months and I've noticed a significant improvement in my ability to focus on and complete tasks without feeling distracted. It has calmed me down and I don't feel as edgy and agitated anymore. I'm able to control my emotions more and feel happier and more at ease. So glad I moved forward with this!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "very bad mood swings."
Review of Intuniv: "This medicine was  magical! My husband and I were shocked how fast this medicine worked for our son who is 8 now. It literally worked over night we couldn't  even believe it. This medicine was life-changing for our family and such a great way. Three years  later he is still on it but he's on 3mg now because of his age and weight. The only problem I believe he did get from it was constipation. We have that under control now."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I started taking Strattera a few weeks ago for ADD. I have noticed it makes me really calm compared to my usual ways. It helps me focus a little better than I used to but I am still not really focused during class. I take 80mg a day, yes I know that's a lot but that's what was prescribed for me. I have completely lost my appetite. Some days go by and I realize I haven't eaten anything. I have lost 10 lbs. Other than that it just gives me a really dry mouth. I always take over the counter sleep aids so I always sleep fine. I wonder if I should try Adderall? Concerta I have already tried and did not like it."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "For me, Vyvanse has the "smoothest" feeling of the ADHD medicines I have tried. I have found that Concerta (methylphenidate) and Focalin (dexmethylphenidate) create an anxious feeling. Vyvanse does not make me feel this way. Downside: it can be outrageously expensive."
Review of Bupropion: "Went off Vyvanse onto this and found that after about 7 weeks at 300mg that I had considerable energy boost and overall more steady feeling. However, I still feel no calming or focus benefits for me and my Dr has now prescribed Guacamoliefein or somethingto try and make me less hyper active and impulsive. I just think I need a race car or a figher jet to boast my noreadrenaline levels as the Wellbutrin just seems to act on my dopamine levels. I truly believe this could be the right meds for folks with more inattentive type symptoms or folks with ADD and type B personalities like my Dad and brother. I'm type A and this Wellbutrin just doesn't bring the calm focus the Vyvanse brought me."
Review of Modafinil: "I am a former cocaine addict who has struggled with low mood and cravings long after I stopped using.  My psychiatrist said cocaine increases dopamine and now I was suffering from not enough of it.  He said Provigil can increase dopamine without the dangerous effects of cocaine.  I take 200mg twice a day and I feel the best I've felt in ages."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been taking Vyvanse for 3 months now I felt really good on the 30mg but it wasnt lasting all day so my Dr changed me to 40mg last month but I'm no longer able to take it due to the stomach aches and nausea I would get everyday. I'm now back on the 30mg and feeling great."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "It works. Less is better anything over 15-20 mg makes me too focused."
Review of Dexedrine: "I have taken pretty much every type of medication for ADHD. Dextroamphetamine, by far, works best for me. While Adderall contains dextroamphetamine, the l-amphetamine and it gives me very bad anxiety. Dextroamphetamine helps me focus without causing extra anxiety, and I prefer the instant release, which allows me to fall asleep. Ritalin caused anxiety even worse than Adderall did. One thing I recommend is to take a day or two off every week or so. If not, your tolerance might build up and you might find the medication is not working. Also, you need to learn to pay attention to your bodies other signals telling you went to eat. You probably will not feel hungry and your stomach. This does not mean you don't need food, however."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 48 years old and have three children.  Two of which have ADHD.  My son is 15 and started on 40mg of Vyvanse in January.  The results have been amazing.  He used to struggle to get D's and he was always getting in trouble at school for doing dumb impulsive things.  His grades started coming up immediately and we never hear from the school about discipline problems.  He's making A's and B's after 4 months.  He's no longer forgetful and scatterbrained like before.  He is as impressed as anyone with the results and wouldn't think of going a day without it."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "It's been good so far. Doctor put me from 30 to 40 mg. we will see how I feel in about two weeks when I see him again ."
Review of Methylphenidate: "When I first took Concerta, I was more able to concentrate on hard tasks, such as writing and doing math calculations. When I stopped taking this medication, I was unable to pay attention in class, and kept misplacing flash drives and pencils. Plus, I've got a bunch of D's and F's on essay assignments because I've been leaving ADD untreated for six months. Concerta helped me concentrate, but it didn't make me too jittery or not focused enough, and it feels just right. When I came back to the medication, after six months of not taking it, I've had the best school days I've ever had in my life. This medication works, no nonsense, just don't drink too much coffee or energy drinks if you don't want a fast or irregular heartbeat."
Review of Focalin XR: "I have two children currently taking Focalin XR. My 12-year-old daughter has been on it for three years and my nine-year-old son has been on it for one year. We have seen fantastic results with both of them. We have seen as many others have said that the medicine seems to wear off about the time they get home from school.  What we do is they have a small snack and take a small afternoon dose of 5 to 10 mg of regular Focalin to help them get to their homework and evening activities. If it is a no homework day or no activity day we opt to not take this medicine in the evening and we do not take the evening dose on the weekends. We do take the morning dose every day of the week.  We've not had any major side effects.  The only thing we have noticed is a slight decrease in my sons appetite not my daughters. We have also had to adjust medication as they have grown. But we have had wonderful success with both children on the medication."
Review of Vyvanse: "I've been on Vyvanse for 2 years. I started on 50mg. I was on that dose for about 6 months, tapered down to 30mg for a few months, and found a happy medium at 40mg. 50mg was too strong and 30mg was too weak. I have a pretty severe case of ADD. For an adult, I never thought ADD would be an issue. I finally saw my doctor who prescribed me Vyvanse. Vyvanse was the first pill I've ever taken for my ADD and it's seriously improved my life immensely. Biggest side effects for me are increased anxiety, OCD tendencies, insomnia, and frequent mood issues after taking it. The ultimate biggest con for me is price. My insurance pays very little. It's around $250 per month."
Review of Guanfacine: "My 8 year old son is on this medication. I get it with a coupon and pay $28 for it. My son was on Adderall 5 mg, however developed tick so he was switched to Intuniv. He isn't as focused. Really miss the Adderall. His grades have declined. Wish there was something else I could try."
Review of Vyvanse: "It's definitely been a hell of a journey for me a whole year of school without good ADHD medication... But I have finally procured Vyvanse, I currently am taking a solid 20 mg, but so far for me personally it has been WAY more relaxing and effective than it's popularized counterpart Adderall. I actually take my Vyvanse with Adrafinil  in the morning with water sometimes with or without a breakfast meal, honestly i have the same effectiveness regardless of what i eat but that's just me. I have noticed the same effects from different psychoactive stimulants like Adderall XR, Wellbutrin, Coffee, and Imipramine HCL. But so far Vyvanse has been more effective and honestly has a better duration than all of the stimulants I've ever taken..."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I was on two 15 mg spanuals a day. I felt great when I began taking them. Way more focused not just at home but at school too. My grades had improved tremendously. I had absolutely. No troubles with this medication. I was taking dexedrine. For a little over 10 years. Due to my other meds I now take I'm unable to continue to take dexedrine. I would recommend. Dexedrine to an adult or child."
Review of Metadate CD: "My son is 5 1/2. We've always noticed his short attention span, impulsiveness, always in trouble. Last year he started preschool, he to has a July birthday. His teacher asked if I had considered holding him back. We decided not to. Kindergarten has been a roller coaster. We started seeing his pediatrician about a month into school. He was in time out everyday distracting the class, loud outbursts, not able to sit still. Now it is March he's been taking Metadate 20mg for about 3 months, his report cards has improved about 80%. Although it does wear off around 2 or 3 in the afternoon we can really see a difference in school. I still am interested in investigating other avenues. Overall my son has shown a significant improvement."
Review of Guanfacine: "Truly a family-saving, life-saving medication.  Our son had a near-psychotic reaction to stimulants when he was 10. He had been kicked out of 2 schools for "not listening" behaviors and aggression. Didn't make sports teams because of his reputation of not listening and doing repetitive behaviors during practice.  Our marriage was in trouble over handling him.  Within a week of starting guanfacine 1 mg at bedtimes he was over the tiredness. We only had to make one upward dose adjustment, and again the tiredness went away after a couple of days.  He became the kid we thought he was - insightful, thoughtful, and curious. He is a highly successful HS student now, an excellent athlete, and a leader both on the field and in the classroom."
Review of Intuniv: "My 8 year old son was extremely hyperactive and had anger issues. Even though he was on Adderall. He was constantly biting his brother and sister, arguing with his dad and I, kicking, throwing tantrums and acting like a baby when he didn't get his way. After we added Intuniv to his daily dose of Adderall, he is a completely different child. It has been wonderful. There has been less yelling and arguing, less fighting, he actually gets along and plays with his brother and sister and us. I love this medicine! I only wish we found it sooner. Thank you for giving us our son back!"
Review of Strattera: "The first meds prescribed to me (NZ) male 19, Stopped taking this immediately, experience almost all the side effects and it is not worth it for me as the body seems to hate it. May be worth a shot for you but I'm not taking this rubbish for 4 weeks to get any benefit for ADHD symptoms not worth all these side effects IMO. Plus I was told I can't stop it once I build it up in my system. No thanks feels like poison in me"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Good. Concentration, happy, easy to talk toBad: ECG showed it was bad for my heart, had to stop. Anxiety, afraid and didn't know why. Although it made me happy it felt fake and like I was a prisoner in my mind just  pleasing others. I won't take it to please others. Meds basically free in my country after reaching over $300 cause third highest tax paying country in the world."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have been looking for a medication that will keep me at a stable pace all day, not with the several ups and downs I experience on Motiron and Ritalin. I have tried Adderall, Ritalin, Straterra, and more than 3 other medications. But of all the medications I have tried, Straterra gave me the worst side effects by far. I felt sick to my stomach, irritable, toxic, I had a headache for 3-4 hours a day and the come down was terrible. I went through extreme periods of depression and anxiety while on this medication for only 2 weeks! I know some people can feel the effects after a few weeks, but for me it just wasn't worth it to continue. Hope it works for others but this non-stimulant was all side-effects and no help for my ADHD."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "After entering into a rigorous educational program where I am in the operating room for hours at a time, I realized I needed to see my doctor for my ADHD. I first tried Adderall XR. I had severe side effects, nearing a heart attack. I went back to the doctor and was prescribed Vyvanse. I also have a history of anxiety and some depression. Vyvanse has been amazing! I can focus and my anxiety is nearly gone. I will say that I had more focus with Adderall, but an unnecessary amount of focus. I feel normal on Vyvanse, like I am not on medication. My heart rate does increase during the first couple of hours. I also have to time the dose just right or I will either not sleep or the meds will wear off too soon."
Review of Desoxyn: "After trying Strattera, Vyvanse, Adderall and Dexedrine with side-effects that interfered with my daily life, I was prescribed Desoxyn.  A smaller dose of Desoxyn gives a far greater primary effectiveness than any other medicine, and with significantly less side-effects than any other medicine.  As far as my ADHD is concerned, this medication is absolutely amazing at helping me out."
Review of Strattera: "I couldn't handle the side affects. Night sweats with intense anxiety and nausea. Couldn't sleep. Terrible. Only lasted 2 weeks."
Review of Adderall: "Added 40 mg/day to Wellbutrin. I don't space out anymore, and actually do things start to finish. My doctor said Wellbutrin may decrease the effect of stims, and lengthen effective time. I don't experience any crashes with this combo, but have noticed that some effects from the Wellbutrin are a little less. This combo is for me for now, but expect will need to change as tolerance grows. Needed 20mg in the AM to begin therapeutic effects. Definitely could go to bed while on this, don't seem to experience any of the common side effects, or any speediness.Actually increased my appetite (Wellbutrin suppressed)"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was in the first grade and was put on many different ADHD medicines like Ritalin and Cycler to name a few and had bad experiences with both so in the 5th grade I took myself off of them and my grade dropped to d's & f's and I dropped out in 9th grade. Recentley I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder and was put on Depakote and Seroquel recently my doctor wanted to try me on Adderall and it has worked wonders for me. It has helped me stay focused and am able to sit still and it has helped with my bipolar disorder and I am no longer tired all day to to my pain management medicines. I highly recommend this medicine for anyone with ADHD and bipolar disorder. The only side effect is teeth grinding. Awesome medicine."
Review of Adderall: "This is a great medicine for focus but it has a downside to it as well. It can cause chest pains. So you must be careful with usage. "
Review of Vyvanse: "I've been on and off Adderall XR for a couple years and I've always hated that 'crash' when the medicine starts wearing off. Vyvanse doesn't have that crash and it lasts a lot longer than Adderall. It's the best medicine I've been on so far."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son was prescribed the drug just before summer.  It worked great at the beginning but now since school has started the drug is not working.  He is very moody, impulsive, short tempered, sad and depressed.  This is not my son.  I also have a friend who's son is also on it and is doing great.  It maybe worth a try, just watch for the side effects."
Review of Strattera: "I had taken Adderall, Concerta and other ADHD medications which all caused me to lose my appetite, get moody or come down from it and I felt I wasn't able to be myself. Strattera took a few weeks to kick in, I fell asleep constantly for the first two-four weeks (I know lots of people jump the Strattera ship then saying it is not working or making them sleepy) but after 4 weeks I started to feel like myself again. Except my mind got clearer, I could organize my room/now apartment, do all my school work, do everything I need to do, have better conversations and do not binge eat. I take 40mg and have had no side effects from it. It also helps my anxiety. It is my miracle."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been taking this medicine since i was in the 6th grade! I am now 22 years old. This medicine made me feel like i could actually sit in class with out falling asleep or not being able to concentrate. It's a great feeling to actually get everything done. Yes it does cause dry mouth and you may not eat like you used to. However you have to make yourself eat something other wise you can cause your blood sugar to drop witch would cause headach and nausea. With time you do get used to the medicine and you will get your appitite back. I'm on 50mg. On days i dont take it im like a walking zombie i dont feel like doing anything i cant concentrate and i will most likely eat all day long. I'm more activie when i do take it! I love it !"
Review of Desoxyn: "I have been on this drug for 12 years and it greatly improved the quality of my life in a lot of ways . the problem I am having now is that I still have some organization skills not because of the  medication. I was getting my mental health needs thru park nicollet health care . now i can not find mental health care that are willing to prescribe this medication that helped me immensely.the problem with the drug is its unpopularity of the drug from providers because of the abuse of street methamphetamine. those providers do not have the knowledge of the things that they are supposed to when it comes to aadd"
Review of Ritalin: "It helps, but not for very long. But it definitely doesn't make me as irritable as other ADHD medications"
Review of Quillivant XR: "Quillivant has changed our lives. My 12-year old son has ADHD with slight autism. When he isn't on medication he is depressed, cries a lot and can be inappropriate. He won't swallow a pill. We tried a few medications and the patch, but they all had instant side effects. We love that Quillivant is a liquid and at 5ml he is very happy. The only slight side effect is decrease in appetite. It wears off 8 hours later when we give him a Ritalin pill that he chews. Yuck. We couldn't be happier with this product, but it is hard to find at pharmacies. Get a discount card for only a $20 co-pay."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I'm a full-time college student in my mid-20s. I've been on Adderall for 3 months now. I cut my 15mg IR in half and take it in the morning and the other half 3 hours later (and another half after 3-4 hours if needed). I don't take it everyday, I probably only take it 4x a week. If you don't have an addictive personality, you won't be addicted to it. I have to say it works really well with my ADD. I'm able to study for hours at a time. I don't necessarily think it makes you smarter. It just lets you focus on a task without getting distracted. I think my only complaint is sudden mood swings and agitation. I definitely noticed a difference in my personality the days I'm not on it. I get angry very easily and irritable."
Review of Guanfacine: "I take guanfacine 1mg twice daily. It has three benefits in my case. It lowers blood pressure, reduces anxiety and augments some of the side effects from stimulant medication. Quick story: I took stimulants for years than developed anxiety to the point where I could no longer handle taking stimulants anymore. I discontinued the stimulants, but the anxiety persisted. I began benzodiazapine medication early in my college years. Eventually the benzos stopped working and my anxiety was even worse. I started guanfacine and really began to notice a difference. I stopped taking the benzos easily. My blood pressure and anxiety were under control and I started back on the stimulants again. Lo in behold the stimulant medication was tolerable again."
Review of Amphetamine: "This product  is terrible !!! Took it for 1month . Nothing at all . My doctor is writing me a new product  this week . The taste is terrible . May be  my chemistry  but no good."
Review of Concerta: "I am 34 years old. I started with 27mg. Over several weeks I worked up to 36mg in morning, then 10mg in mid afternoon. My husband has seen an improvement in my mood. I feel less angry and better able to cope with daily life. I stay awake during the day now (I was very fatigued pre-Concerta and sleeping a lot). I am sleeping the best I ever have at night. My mind doesn't race as much as it used to. I still experience anxiety, but it hasn't increased since Concerta. I get more headaches and I seem to continuously suck and rub my tongue on the inside of my mouth. It annoys me and causes tongue ulcers, but I guess it is a small price to pay."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 17 years old, I've always had a problem focusing in school. Eventually I was taken to get tested and I did in fact have A.D.D . My doctor started me on 50mg of Vyvanse. My first day taking the pill was amazing and so was that whole 2 weeks. Its now my third week on Vyvanse and I've been having rapid heart rates, blurred vision, and feeling very jittery/shaky. I'm curious if my dosage is too high for me. I'm also afraid that if I get my dosage lower that it will no longer work for me. "
Review of Vyvanse: "I've been taking this medication for many months now. I take it on work days mostly & days when I need to get up and go. I still have depression and sometimes it's hard to sleep but not always. It helps if you love food because I don't over eat but if I forget to bring a snack to work I get a little nauseous or I just feel super hungry by the end of my shift because I forget about food for like 7-9 hours. I try to eat food before I take it. Girls at work ask me what helps me be confident and sell stuff and I tell them vyvanse. I have depression and anxiety but this helps so much. I do feel really tired and like I don't want to do stuff on days I don't take it and after it wears off. So my doctors trying me on brintellex or something too."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 7 year old son was recently diagnosed as ADHD and I was really hesitant to put him on medicines but when I took him to the doctor she said yes no doubt he had ADHD so they put him on Vyvanse at 30 mg. The first day and I was ready to cry myself. It was like he had eaten a whole gallon of ice cream he could not stop talking and did not sleep the first 2 nights, but I am really happy with the outcome. He is so much better. I can hear my thoughts now so I am a believer in the medicines it worked for him."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I've been on this medication twice in the past two years. First I was on focalin then vyvanse for about five months till I found out I was pregnant. It helps me a lot. I can focus a lot better but sometimes its hard to tell what I'll be focusing on. Sometimes its cleaning or sometimes its researching a very unimportant subject online."
Review of Vyvanse: "Be careful. I was prescribed this at 20mg for my depression and ADHD last February. For the first few months it was a miracle. It took care of all my symptoms, and even obliterated my social anxiety. As the drug became less and less effective over the months though, I became more and more depressed and that's when the miracle pill suddenly became a burden. Doctor prescribed me 30mg, worked for two days, then nothing. Not to mention at that dose the crash was awful, some days I would cry over everything and wish I was dead thinking there was no point to life. That's where abuse came along. Some days I was taking up to 60mg just to feel normal (without doc's approval). Overdosed on 400mg and almost died. Be careful please, always think twice."
Review of Vyvanse: "The only bad thing is it acts like a diet pill, so I hardly eat. It seems to make me act like an efficient robot, so I always have to be doiing something productive, without showing emotion or change in facial expression."
Review of Amphetamine: "I have taken Adderall XR for several years and found that long acting amphetamine was the best treatment for my ADHD. However, I frequently had issues remembering to take it in the mornings and would often forget to take my medicine. Adzenys XR-ODT is so convenient in the blister pack I remember to take it, and the orange flavor is great! It lasts all day andI don't get a bad crash at the end of the day like I used to with my Adderall XR. Also, got first month free and pay only $25 per month with co-pay card"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was on Ritalin/Concerta since I was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 6 (I am now 18). I switched to Strattera last September, and that was horrible, didn't do a thing for my ADHD. I went back on Concerta, but noticed it wasn't working as well.My psychiatrist switched me to Vyvanse 40mg in the morning, and I immediately noticed the benefits, 100% better than Concerta and 400000% better than Strattera. Only side effects is lack of appetite but I am welcoming that side effect because I also suffer from binge eating disorder.It helps my concentration immensely (I suffer with severe ADHD, to the point it's hard to have a conversation without zoning out and not listening).Vyvanse is a life saver!"
Review of Bupropion: "I have been on Wellbutrin for about a week and have already noticed a significant difference in my study abilities. I was able to actually sit down and actively study tonight for 4 hours and I have not been able to do that for years! I took Ritalin when I was in high school, but stopped taking it when I had a complete nervous breakdown. My doctor started me on 150mg twice daily and I tell you what, I feel like me again! Bright, alert, I have energy, and completely at ease and happy. Thank you Wellbutrin for giving me myself back again."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD at 5. My friends, society along with my own guilt made me feel like a horrible mom for considering meds. Kind of was horrible for my son he hated school and cried to not go. 1st was a constant struggle and when we started trying different medicines. They all turned him in the "zombie" you hear about. I stopped trying medicines and thought we would just have to deal with 3-4 hours of homework a night. In 2nd grade we heard about Daytrana. My son made a huge improvement in school. His teacher (who is wonderful) was amazed by his focus in class. My son went from being an intelligent child who could not focus to an exceptional student. The red marks caused by the patch are hard to see as a parent, but my sons self worth out ways them."
Review of Focalin: "I have taken a number of ADHD medications starting around 6th or 7th grade to help with school.  I tried Vyvanse, Concerta, Ritalin, and Focalin.  Focalin by far has been my favorite. When on Focalin I could crank out work and was very effective.  While many people complain about the lack of hunger you feel, this was almost a plus to me because it gave me one less thing to distract me.  The only negative that I experienced was sometimes feeling detached, lonely, or on the verge of tears.  They were not severe but did occur.  I still loved this brand the most of all of the brands I had tried but unfortunately, our insurance stopped covering Focalin and I switched back to Ritalin which is where I am at now."
Review of Strattera: "I was on Adderall and that worked amazingly!! But I was paranoid and depressed which effected me so much I had to switch. I switched to strattera and it helped! Then it started to not make a difference so I got upped to 100mgs. I have to eat right after or else I become very ill(nauseous)."
Review of Vyvanse: "My son has ADHD, he was on Concerta which started out working well, but started not working this year.  His Neurologist prescribed Vyvanse.  He was only one the drug for one month, it was the worse experience every.  Not only didn't he sleep, my son developed a Tic and depression.  I do not recommend this drug for ADHD, it worsened my sons."
Review of Pristiq: "I have been taking 100mg every morning for 9 months,with Trileptal 450mg at night and Adderal in am and after lunch. I was so scattered and depressed last January 09 due to a lot of life changes but really all my life I have sabotaged myself living without treatment. These medicines saved my life and I will continue on them as long as they work. Pritiq is good for me. I mistakenly got my dose mixed up when I first started Pristiq and took 200mg. Never felt better but soon found out that it was dangerous and max is 100mg. Whew...must be careful. Life is good today and it can be for you too. I also use the Pristiq discount card and pay half price...really helps."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have had problems my whole life with school, holding down jobs, depression and alcoholism.  Adderall has changed my life.  I am 43 and I finally have the courage to pursue the career I didn't think I would be able to do before.  I also take Prozac.  The combination does make me a little dizzy and I do sweat a lot more, but the miracle of being able to function on a daily basis and concentrate out way the side effects."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Fantastic controlled for the first time in my life"
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son is 7 and has been on this medicine for a year now.  We tried everything before putting him on medicine.  We started out with 10mg and really saw no effect.  He is now on 20mg and it is amazing!  It does wear off before we get home in the evening.  Homework time is a disaster!  But, we have had no side effects and no wieght loss.  Without Metadate CD he couldn't finish anything.  He's doing great in school this year!  It's so hard to deal with him in the evening; but, it helps us get through the day."
Review of Metadate CD: "My son is 8 and we just started this medication. Started at 10mg and it was not enough so we went up to 20mg a few days later. His teacher noticed right away that things were better at school, but at home he was a nightmare. Very emotional when coming off medicines in the afternoon. We got a booster of Ritalin but now he is not sleeping. I am going to try Concerta again to see if we can get rid of the emotional outbursts."
Review of Adderall: "Having ADD has been a bumpy ride for me, especially when it comes to finding the correct medication. As a Mechanical Engineering major, my work load is very heavy and being able to focus is essential and Adderall Xr certainly gives me the ability to do so. I've been taking 30mg xr for about 2-3 years. Prior to adderall I took Vyvanse and Concerts which did not work as well for me as adderall. It also took me a while to work adderall into my schedule as efficient as possible as I don't like taking it EVERYday. But I've got to say I found a happy medium that allows for the least amount of side effects and it is working absolute wonders for me."
Review of Guanfacine: "My 7 year old grandson has been on Intuniv for 16 days.  He had been on 40 mg Vyvanse alone with it wearing totally off after 5 hours.  We were reevaluated because of this and Dx changed from ADD to ADHD.  Intuniv was added to his regiment.  We started out at 1 mg and upped to 2 mg after 7 days.  We give it to him about 7 pm and by his 8 pm bedtime, he is calming down and is able to fall asleep within 5-10 minutes.  I have seen a tremendous improvement in his attitude, ability to focus and coping skills.  He was unable to sleep well while on the Vyvanse alone.  This is allowing him the ability to get the much needed deep sleep and this also is helping him out.One good thing:  Medicaid started covering it 10/1/12"
Review of Metadate CD: "My 7 year old son was on this for a few months. It wasn't until summer and he was in my care full time when I started to notice his strange characteristics. He became more of a loner, didn't talk much with anyone, and started staring off with a fearful look. At my mothers I noticed he was staring into the bushes, rocking back and forth while standing. I asked him what he was doing and he told me he was seeing eyes in the bushes and they were all staring back at him. Well I immediately called his pediatrician and had him taken off that day. We started seeing improvements by the next couple of days. He became more social, wanted to actually get of the house and was my boy again."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My son is 13 and he has tried several different prescriptions for ADHD. This one does seem to be the best so far.  I have read about the max of dose being 20 ml and that is what he is on. Once the medicine wears off he can be very difficult to manage with his attitude and behavior.  It is ends up being a very stressful situation when he gets this way.  "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have ran the gauntlet of ADD meds, starting with Concerta then tried Vyvance which worked well in the beginning,  then my Dr switched to Adderall XR,  then to I R, which works best for me I take 20mg twice a day definitely helps with non stop thinking,  racing thoughts,  and just simply getting motivated.  I have been on the IR for about a year and the highs are finally outweighing the lows. 39 years old and can see light at the end of the tunnel."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 28 years old. I'm a cook in an extremely fast paced, high profile kitchen needless to say celebritys love to have their weddings there. When I take my Vyvanse I can cook at a 100% capacity for the whole 8 hrs. Laser focused, good mood, feel I can do another 300 covers after we're done, don't need any help in the line. It's just wow. If you work in a place where you're under high pressure and quality is demanded this is your drug. I've always had ADD since I was small. My mother was too negligent to do anything about it I was a failure in high school and it really sucked. I would read things and be like " what?" Lol I was bad now I take 60mg I take one around 1pm to help me through my work."
Review of Methylphenidate: "This is my Wonder medicine for my 11 yr old Son. He hates taking the Pill's and they were making him sick so we went to Dr in Aug 2014 & I asked him if we could try the patches he said sure and I Love this Patch. Thank's for making this. And I did not know about putting the patches in the fridge because I do have a hard time peeling them so I'm going to give that a try."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I just started taking it for two day and I hate it the first day I started twitching and shaking and my stomach felt so uncomfortable.the second day it felt worse I had a dry throat, uncomfortable stomach, less twitching , I felt so useless.  The worst thing about it was a post to make me focus and it does not even help. I just hate how I have to lie about how I feel - I say I'm ok but I'm so for from being ok."
Review of Guanfacine: "I took it in the morning an had no impact for any of my classes and after I talked to my doctor she said to double the dosage and still saw no difference"
Review of Adderall XR: "I take 20mg Adderall XR daily for ADHD. I feel extremely productive, focused, and proactive while on it. My first day taking it, I usually am a normal eater, I could only eat a sandwich bag of pretzels before losing any appetite. That night, despite eating almost nothing, I biked 21 miles (my standard biking route), without stopping, in record time, without even feeling exhausted. Now, each day I take it, i feel very intelligent and concentrated, and come up with ideas easily, as well as feeling great all of the time. In my opinion, Adderall is the greatest thing to grace humankind, and I would suggest it to anybody who has difficulty focusing, especially if you are overweight. I lost 25 lbs in my first 3 months taking it, though."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am in my 30's and have been taking Adderall XR for three months.  Seriously what a difference I have seen in my life!  My mind is 100% more clear and I am so much more level headed and organized.  I wish I had gone to the doctor years ago for my ADHD, instead of just living with it. Now I am so happy to have the ability to control my thoughts and accomplish my goals.  I occasionally get insomnia, but I have had insomnia for most of my life.  I also have lost weight and didn't have much to lose, so I have to start eating even if I'm not hungry.  No other side effects for me."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Take Elvanse (50mg- UK version) in morning for past 2 years. Meds are slow acting, and do not improve motivation or efficiency when working. There is no alternative in the UK- no adderall- so this is the only option.  this medication sucks because: 1.) It gives such a great high for the initial 15 minutes to 30 minutes, but it gives such a horrible crash that the negative feeling ruins your day It does not help motivation if anything it causes depression , possibly improves concentration marginally. 2.) I have faced serious and significant weight loss. Being skinny myself, this is of course not a good thing. Currently a 5'11 male, weighing 62kg or about 135 pounds. Am 24 years old. 3.) The medication is addictive."
Review of Vyvanse: "I've been on Vyvanse at varying dosages (30-40 mg) for about 2 years. I've never been on anything else really, so I can't speak to other drugs, but I feel like I got my life back. I did notice it would wear off for me around 3 in the afternoon though, and the doctor put me on a low dose of Dextroamphetamine at 2:30 to supplement the rest of the day. So far, so good. I don't want to take higher and higher doses, so I try to stay where I'm at and make that work. Most days it does. Great drug for me."
Review of Concerta: "I'm 18 years old and have been prescribed 74mg of concerta a day. 3 pills in the morning and one in the afternoon if needed. I had been diagnosed with serve ADHD and this drug has changed the way I learn and study dramatically. It's amazing how confident andfocused I am now. I always feel so good on it too, until I'm starving to death. Concerta absolutely kills your appetite. Sad part is I can not even force myself to eat and it has already taken a tole on my weight. I have always been insecure with my body so it is nice losing the extra pounds, however I don't enjoy talking to anyoneat school anymore. Even though I feel good all during the school day, I am quiet and hungry."
Review of Strattera: "I have been using Strattera for about 10 months and had great success for the first 9.  I felt great, very focused and able to get things done, and had no negative side effects except for a little bit of dry mouth for the first couple of weeks.  About a month ago I experienced a bout of depression until my doctor switched my prescription from 1 80mg pill a day to 2 40mg pills each day (once in the morning and once in the evening).  After the switch, I was back to feeling great until last week when I had another bout of depression.  This morning I took 5mg of Ritalin and snapped right out of my depressed mood.  My doctor has suggested stopping Strattera and using Ritalin instead to try to determine if Strattera is the cause."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My son started haveing behavior problems in pre school. We had some teachers put up with it while the next year another wouldn't. They'de go out of their way to displine him,cause face it their human and just didn't like him. He still got straight a's and b's.  We decided hey he's just hyped he has good grades we re not gonna dope our kid up. We'll we moved he went to a new school where teachers didn't know him and they started letting him fall behind. In principles office everday. Then we found foclin it was night and day.They put him in special classe last three months of year. By the end of three months they had already decided he didn't need the classes and for three years now a lilltle babytalk no incidents or trips to office."
Review of Adderall: "I have ADHD & narcolepsy. I recently started Adderall after trying a few other medications. So far the Adderall has been a God send. I hope it continues to help me with my problems."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I'm 25 yrs old, male and I started taking Adderall for Adult ADD 2 months ago.  My physician and I decided to give it a shot because I was having a terrible time at work (4yrs employed) doing the simple, but long term tasks/projects that everybody else were doing on time/completed.  Pros: Productivity up 300%, more attention to detail, finishing tasks, major increase focusing (easily!), major decrease in stress from cognitively/mentally draining myself in attempt to 'stay focused', more energy.  Cons:  severe initial 7-10 days side effects.  Still experiencing severe dehydration, dry mouth, nausea, dead libido, moody, increase in tobacco smoking, loss of appetite.  Fantastic benefits.  Side effects are still mild, if anything."
Review of Atomoxetine: "80mg enables me to concentrate, I take it at bedtime. I have noticed a change in appetite, but that's good for me because I am overweight. I do have dry mouth a lot. Dr. is moving me up to 120 mg. So we will see how that works. I am able to get more done while on this medicine."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I had taken every form of Ritalin while in elementary and junior high school it helped me focus but I felt like a zombie and my mom always felt like it was not really me. I was always angry when I would start to come down from it at night so in high school I started taking Aderrall and it was such a great change."
Review of Concerta: "Been taking Concerta XL for a while with a steady titration from 18mg up to 81mg. I take it around 9am each morning and the first few hours are very restless. However by early noon say 1-2pm I go into a slow sometimes dragging comedown which makes me sleepy and therefore having a knap during the day. This leads to an almost sleepless night which can upset my brain in many ways.Positives:Alert, talkative, sociable and above all CONCENTRATE.Negatives:Jaw Clenching (gurning), sweaty, sleepless night (because of the midday knap)All in all I have tried alteting dosage times in the morning and I can quite easily eat without feeling nausea. Weight loss is noticable but at a good stable rate. Many people have to give Concerta a chance."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Since starting Adderall XR about 6 months ago, I am more focused and headstrong than ever. I can actually DO the things I used to enjoy, such as birdwatching (which requires extreme focus) and practicing music (again, extreme focus). Once my attention locks in, I'm good to go; which is a first! Furthermore, it seems to help with my emotions; I feel more balanced and self confident on it, I don't feel like such a "headcase" and so emotionally fragile. Kind of sort of a miracle drug. Did it make me suddenly do things I have been putting off, such as cleaning and sorting out paperwork? No. But can I clean and do paperwork with more patience and ease? Yeah. The only side effects I experienced that were negative was extreme appetite suppressment"
Review of Dexedrine: "Adderall 30mg/day = you feel like a genius, work hard, EYES OPEN WIDE. But at the end of the work day, I still couldn't stop myself from falling asleep on the skytrain at around 4:30 pm when I try to read. Don't think it helped much with depression and anxiety.Dexedrine 3 10mg/day = You have tunnel vision, Focused, block out distractions, helps with my severe anxiety. I think the depression is pretty under control too. Can read all day if I want. Could have really used this when I began my studies, 4 years ago! Not a month ago, with one course....Either one, I think you perform better at work and school, but Adderall just wore off, so studying after work, you would still need coffee, or a power nap"
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 4yr old son has Autism/ADHD/OCD. After coming off of Risperidone my sons' Neurologist wanted to try my son on Quillivant XR. Our Pharmacy had to special order this med due to there was nobody else in this county that takes it. The 1st dose of this med that my son took he went WILD!!! He got violent with us, and just refused to eat ANYTHING, he was also up for 22hr straight! He only had 2 doses of this med (day 1 & 2) then I had to call his Dr and to have him taken off the med. We ended up going back on Risperidone and Guanfacine. Once I stopped giving my son the Quillivant XR med he started acting like his old self again."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I let my son try this today for the first time.  He complained of having a sore throat, didn't eat hardly any of his lunch and then threw up in the car on the way home from school.  This is a 6 year old who's only 46 lbs.  We also had 2 instances today where he swears he saw something that wasn't there.  It's 11:30 at night and he is still up on a school  night.  I put him to bed 2 and a half hours ago.   This is my first experience with a stimulant for his ADHD.  No he won't be taking this again tomorrow.  After reading all the possible side effects and how common they are I'd rather have a kid bouncing off the walls all day than one who can't go to bed at night and may loose weight when he's already underweight.  Never again."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 55 years old and was diagnosed with ADD only last year.  I changed from Adderall XR to Vyvanse and after 3 weeks, I am having anxiety and total lack of focus.  It seems to make me more agitated and more easily distracted.  There is definitely not a "focus" benefit for me on this drug."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I love Adderall.  I'm 38 years old and a very accomplished and successful person.  I started taking Adderall this year and it has done wonders for my productivity.  It makes me sad that I hadn't discovered it earlier in my life.  To think what I could have accomplished.  Like a lot of people I start 10 things and finish none.  Adderall helps me stay on task.  It's like responsibility in a pill."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 21 years old, and have been on Vyvanse for 5 months (40mg). Compared to other medications its more evenly released throughout the day and seems to last around 8 or 9 hours. I would definitely suggest giving it a month before you completely ban it, because it did take getting use to (like any medication). It can effect your sleep depending on the time of day you take your medication. It hasn't decreased my appetite, but in the beginning I would forget to eat- as long as you get on a routine eating schedule though you should be fine. It made me slightly irritable in the beginning, but like I said give it some time and it seems to even out."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 5 yr old started taking Vyvanse today and had a bad reaction to it while at school, severe itching with a twitch of his shoulder.  There was no outside signs of breakout.  Tried to contact doctor who prescribed and have received no reply, therefore after talking to pharmacist and school nurse, and health unit care provider, I have decided to stop Vyvanse, 30mg daily, until I receive some reply from his doctor. Then I am going to ask for something else.  If it works fine for your children, God bless, but please keep an eye on them for the first 24 hours; allergic reactions do occur, we were just lucky it was not more severe."
Review of Vyvanse: "I was first given this drug when I was only 6,  I started having horrible crashes When I was 7 I started getting hallucinations of my toys coming to life and beating me to death and I'd scream and kick when my parents came in to try to calm me down. I have 30min-4 hour anxiety attacks, I feel sad empty and useless, I felt like everyone was judging me and I almost committed suicide twice, once when I was only 9. I tried stopping the drug but found the nausea, pain, and anxiety only got worse without the medication so now I'm stuck,. These people saying the drug is great have not been on it for long, please if you are thinking of getting this drug, don't."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Against the advice of my teachers, my mom decided not to medicate me as a kid since my grades were fine. As I got older, I got worse, concentrating was impossible for me and my grades dropped... my mind never stopped! I have been on Adderall for almost 9 years now. This drug saved me, it worked great! The down side...after this long, I have built a tolerance, get very irritable, and feel kinda foggy or dazed by the end of the day. I'm going to try something new for awhile and see what happens."
Review of Strattera: "My 6 year old son (ADHD/Autism) starting taking Strattera about 6 months ago because he had a bad reaction to stimulant medicine. Was on 20 mg and it did not help him.  The doctor increased it to 40mg and now he cries all the time and about everything.  His concentration is still really bad.  I will be talking to his doctor soon."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son was on Vyvanse for 3 years. At first the side effects were the normal irritability, obsessive thoughts and anxiety only on the days he took the drug. His concentration and grades improved so the benefits outweighed the side effects. The last year though he was increasingly negative, obsessing over negative thoughts, anxious and paranoid only on the days he took it. I think the side effects can affect kids more or less as they grow. He was very depressed for a 10 year old. Since he's been off he's been happier!! I think positive thoughts are more important than grades since we all know where negative thoughts leads to down the road if left unchecked. Overall the medicine is not bad but keep a close eye on behavior."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I've struggled with ADD my whole life. When I was a kid I was put on Ritalin for a few years and it was amazing at helping me concentrate.  Before I hit middle school my pediatrician ripped me off of it saying I "grew out of it". I went on through life thinking it was just in my head. I'm now 32.  I was always fog headed and trouble concentrating. I talked to my doctor and she said I'd have to see a psychiatrist to get on the medication. My boyfriend's Mom talked to her family doctor and she said she would help me.  I met with her and was put on Adderall XR 20 mg in the AM and 5mg IR in the afternoon.  It's simply amazing. I lost some weight and I can clearly focus. My boss has noticed a huge difference and I got a promotion at work!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I've had a wonderful experience with Adderall! It helps me focus and get up to do the daily things that need to be done plus more!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall has helped change the well being of my LIFE. As a child I had a issue affecting me. So, I tried to hide it because I was embarrassed but as an adult I finally had to own up to it after the birth of my child. I needed education so, I enrolled in College after a couple of weeks. I started to notice the same problems. I spoke to my doctor, was tested for ADD and was diagnosed. Since then I've been on 20mg Adderall morning and 10mg Ritain in the evening. I had only positive effects. I finally get to be the great student I always wanted to be and can finish my daily chores without forgetting things. I only hope that people quit trying to say this medicine isn't good for anyone. For yrs I didn't make the A's I wanted and now I do. People taking this medicine don't want to "They Have NO Choice But To."
Review of Armodafinil: "This drug nuvigil I took for 3 days only half a pill 250 mg dosage my whole body is swollen my body aches I have a horrible stomich with non stop diarrhea difficulty swallowing .I am still feeling horrible 2 days later after stopped taking it and I hope it goes away .this was the worst feeling I've ever had in my entire my life"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son is almost 7 years old and has ADHD.  His Doctor put him on Strattera and Metadate CD 2 years ago.  His behavior got worse and worse (Doctor even diagnosed him with ODD).  I refused to believe that my child could control his behavior and I knew this was a result of his medicines.  His Doctor kept saying no, he just needs more structure etc.  I finally DEMANDED that we take him off both medicines and try something else.  I insisted we try Vyvanse. The BEST thing I have ever done.  My son is now a sweet, happy, normal little boy who rarely gives us problems.  His appetite is back, he gets along great with other kids and we are amazed at the change in him.  I highly recommend that other parents give this medication a try for their ADHD children."
Review of Dexedrine: "I am 20 and was only diagnosed with ADHD about 6 months ago. I tried Ritalin first and it did nothing for me, but then I was prescribed dexedrine and it has been a life saver. There's definitely some odd but kind of fun side effects for me. I get extremely into whatever I'm doing, which is super helpful for school, but sometimes a bit awkward in social situations because I enjoy conversation a little too much and worry that I annoy people. It makes me really ambitious and I feel the need to learn/accomplish things while I'm on it, but not physical things unfortunately, like working out or cleaning haha. I usually start doing homework, planning things or doing research. It's going to help me succeed in school so much more now."
Review of Vyvanse: "My daughter just turned 7 years old and we started her on Vyvanse about 2 months ago as she was diagnosed with ADHD. After two months (this week) I called the doctor and stopped the medication as she has lost so much weight from not eating, and was sleeping ALL THE TIME! My daughter never took naps and would wake up at 6:30 a.m. religiously every morning on her own, but after we started her on the medicine, she falls asleep standing up and cannot wake her up in the mornings. We fight just to get her to eat things she likes and to no prevail. I know it might not be the medicine for her and in fact I am going to try a Non-Stimulant ADHD medication before we stop these medicines over all. "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This brand makes me nauseous, sluggish,  I feel very disconnected and unfocused"
Review of Strattera: "Hey all! I've seen where some people have mentioned the cost of Strattera. I have insurance and my copay was still $45. I actually got online and googled Strattera discount cards and my pharmacy let me use it on top of my insurance. My prescription ended up being free and I can still get a discounted price each month so I'm pretty stoked! "
Review of Concerta: "I've been on this medication since I was 9 I'm 21 now. I've always had trouble in school and it has helped me a lot to concentrate but without it I can't focus at all. I became too dependent on it so now that I am in college I cannot study or find any kind of motivation to stay focused if I'm not on it. It wouldn't be a bad thing if it didn't make me depressed. Recently in this past year I've been taking it almost every day again and have been feeling sad for no reason, always thinking negative and very irritable until I put two and two together. Now trying to get off once I am done with school next month for good."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Hated it!!! I was taking adderall for a year and it started making me feel anxious maybe one day a week. I was switched to this and once I started it my anxiety got really bad. I've never had a problem with anxiety and I really feel for the people that suffer from chronic anxiety! I also had a problem with dropping blood pressure (could be from adderall withdraw tho) I also had HORRIBLE mood swings. As soon as I would take it I was very negative about everything. I'm so glad to be off it now and so is my boyfriend!!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son was put on this medication that the age of 8. The first day he was focused however he kept licking his lips and would just stare  when being spoken too . I took him Off the medication . It's not for us."
Review of Pemoline: "No better ADHD drug on the planet and I have tried them all.  I started with cylert and Wellbutrin in 1997.  My life changed, I cannot even describe how much.  I became the person I always knew I could be.  2005 the cure was taken off the market.  After so many different drug attempts and extended periods without any medication.  I'm now on Vyvanse.  Let me tell you it does not hold a candle to cylert but I thought I was somewhat closer.  I have done my research and the "cure" still exists.  I was so happy to ready the above comments.  I feel a little less alone."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I took this medicine for ADD when I was eleven. I'd had some slight muscle tics before that and the doctor warned me and my parents that Adderall could make those worse, but at the time I wasn't too worried about it. That was a mistake. The tics got far worse, to the point that once I passed out because it made it difficult for me to breath. One doctor said it was OCD, and another said it might be Tourette's, and another thought it was the medicine.  All I know is I've stopped taking it and they've mostly gone away, though they still come back every once in a while when I'm tired. I'm not sure if Adderall would have helped my "ADD"; I didn't take it long enough. I've since managed to get it together and improve my grades without any medication."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "After being on adderall 40mg a day, doc switched me to vyvanse 50mg and although adderall worked great I found it only working 4-5 hours for the IR and I was feeling nothing from taking the XR. I take vyvanse for adhd, depression, and chronic fatigue from RA and EBV, vyvanse is amazing, no crash, no high and low just an even fluctuation through an entire 12-14 hour day! I feel motivated enough to concur my day but I'm not crawling out of my skin ! Love it !"
Review of Methylphenidate: "Concerta makes me normal. It is great for men and women like us, its so effective to motivate and give us the psychological power to do everything we want in a day. I have wasted countless days, and I mean COUNTLESS days playing Battlefield 3, talking to girls and going out with the guys which is great. But seriously, when your staring dead in the mirror. You see your potential but CANNOT grasp it. You begin to fall into a horrible mindset... hopelessness. I have a life now. Build my future. Secure my lifestyle and best of all. Grow into a desirable MAN."
Review of Atomoxetine: "unbelievably bad ,seems to exaggerate  all of my adhd problems 4 fold . i started on 40 mg even though im 91kg in weight and ive read up and they say it should be a mg per kg . so im guessing my doc was cautious , not a bad thing.So i went to 60 mg things didnt change i was wanking 4 times a day and sleeping only 3-5 hours a night and hardly eating a thing .i cant be arsed typing any more"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Addressing the misinformed subscriber who proclaimed, " Vyvanse is SPEED! ", and that it's use led to his rapid addiction to speed. This is clinically not possible. Though there is an underlying component of amphetamine to this med, it is moreover a CNS (  Central Nervous System Stimulant ), as is stratera ( which contains a large percentage of norepinephrine in it and may help those battling depression as well as ADD) . Guess what else is classified as a CNS. - your morning coffee.  We all recognize Folgers and Nescaffe as unregulated gateway drugs, so shouldn't we get excited about them as some of these '  users and their abuses of caffeine ' aside the evils of Vyvanse? Personal responsibility and accountability are key."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 7 yr old daughter just started taking Vyvnase 40mg in the morning after 7 yrs of avoiding medications, she has completely slowed down and is able to focus. My only concern is her having dry mouth and biting on the inside of her jaw, this is her first day hopefully it just needs a few days to adjust. BIG difference already. I hope this is all we need and it continues to get better."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 8 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD when he started Kindergarten. It was horrible. His doctor put him on Focalin XR. It worked pretty good, it definitely calmed him down and helped him concentrate in class. But after a while I noticed his appetite decreased immensely and he started losing weight. So in April of 08` his doctor switched him to Vyvanse and it is amazing. His appetite is normal, he's doing very well in school, and he's making lots of friends. Our lives have changed for the better thanks to Vyvanse."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Mydayis works great if you are on the right dose.  I noticed some people on here are not getting the right strength when converting from Vyvanse or Adderall. To the person whos doctor switched you from 70 of Vyvanse to 25mg of Mydayis - your getting less medication! Thats why its not working for you. You should be taking 50mg. You will notice a  BIG difference!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have a 7 year old son with ADHD. He was diagnosed at 4 years old. Through the years he has been on 3 different medications. Ritalin was first and it did help with his hyperactivity level, however he still had problems with impulsiveness. Then he was on Focalin XR and that did nothing with his impulsiveness and hyperactivity. Now he is on Vyvanse and that has helped with ADHD symptoms. The only problem that I am currently having is that he has days where he is extremely emotional. He has days where he is getting upset over minor details like coming home after playing at a friends house. I am not sure if this is drug related or ADHD related. Impulsive people have problems containing their emotions."
Review of Vyvanse: "When I was put on Lisdexamfetamine within a month of first taking it everything has improved. Things I would not normally do. I did my daily tasks, showing interest in things,  my impulsiveness movement has slowed down,  my thoughts slowed down and I can sit down and talk to people and hold a conversation with people.  A big thing that this medication has is the fat ingredient so I am now 11 stone as I was previously 9 stone so a big improvement. Within a month in everything as a person so this medication is a big thing in my life and feel the doctor has made the correct choice. I would recommend it to anyone who ADHD like me and if they are on it you will see improvement like i have big time!."
Review of Guanfacine: "My 9 yo son was diagnosed with ADHD a year ago and has had OT services for 6 months.  We started Intuniv 2 weeks ago. First day on 1 mg he was super hyper, then seemed unchanged.  A week later we went to 2 mg.  It's great.  He is more focused, less wiggly, finishes task in a more timely manner.  He still squirms but not as much.  His teacher is happy with the improvement.  Side effects-sleepy, dry mouth, emotional.  We have been giving him the pill in the morning.  Around 5pm he gets super sleepy.  The doc told me there is no peak in when the drug works but there is a peak in when the side effects occur.  They tend to be 8-10 hours after taking the drug.  We are going to try giving him the pill at night and see if it helps him with drowsiness."
Review of Metadate CD: "I was diagnosed with ADD when I was 11 and have been on this medicine for 8 years now. It helped me focus on school and work. When I first started I lost weight but Im pretty sure its because I did not eat before taking my pills. Metadate has truly helped me out."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Finally I was diagnosed with ADD as an adult after struggling my whole life with ADD.  I was put on Adderall and my life changed 100% for the better.  I think this is a wonderful medication for those with ADD!"
Review of Concerta: "I'm 19 and I've been on Concerta since age 7 . It has helped me no doubt. I have never had any problems as people say above stomach problems I have never had any. The only thing is I keep eating the complete opposite of everyone else. I usually take it at 9am everyday and I notice it wearing of around 6pm. Yesterday I didn't take because I tried something. I'm currently working night shift usually it's been out of my system hours before starting work. So tonight I took it 9pm even though now it's 4.30am and I've been awake since 7am yesterday I neither show or feel any signs of being tired, drained both physically or mentally. This medication has been nothing but a Success for me."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "This medication has changed my life. I didn't start taking it until I was 24 years old. I honestly thought it was hopeless trying to figure out my life. I kept failing college courses, struggled with my job, struggled with relationships. I genuinely thought I was stupid. Sounds dramatic, but that's honestly I how I felt. I just couldn't think or concentrate. Then I tried Vyvanse. I was really against stimulants or any type of drug that could be addictive. But, I'm SO grateful I tried it. I wouldn't be where I am today without it. I'm a nursing student with a 4.0. I have an amazing relationship and I enjoy my job. It's not a miracle drug, but it really helps me focus and do the things I know I can do. Definitely recommend it."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This is not the same as adderall 20 IR, been taking it for over 20 years, pharmacy said there is a backorder so I ended up with these. I don't know what else to say its just not the same my wife has asked me everyday are you on your meds, granted somedays I do forget my second dose. I'm no doctor or chemist what is going on?"
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have been in treatment for ADD for 15 years. As a result I have tried and used several of the standard drugs used for treatment including Adderall, Ritalin, Dexadrine, and Wellbutrin.  About 3 years ago I began using Strattera. I was made aware that the medicine did not affect the dopamine levels but should still help prolong my attention time. Since then I have found this to be true. However, the difficulty is since the impact it is seemingly subtle. It's very difficult to gauge the effectiveness and to determine the proper dosage.  After 2 years, my doctor and I are still tweeking this aspect.  Overall, Strattera has worked to allow me to still have something for my family left after a long day work."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall is awesome for (ADHD), that is what I have and when I take my Adderall I am able to focus and relax, which is just the opposite effect it would have on someone who doesn't have ADHD. It would act as a stimulator for them and is very addictive."
Review of Strattera: "It's maybe my 5th week on the drug, noticed an increase in my productivity and feel like I can get a lot done. Although I'm suffering from nausea and slight headaches, I'm taking other medications so it's hard to say. Tried Ritalin, Ritalin XR and Dex amphetamine also. This isn't as aggressive as Dex, but Dex is my preference in comparison to this. Though it's still early days!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Double edged sword with Adderall. Great for concentration, brought my college GPA from a 2.5 to a 3.7, amazing. Although I do have trouble sleeping with it, and I often have mild bouts of depression, and roller coaster of emotion that I never have had before. Although it is important to state that this may be because I am not eating as much and forget to eat, which could easily cause these symptoms. AMAZING for athletics, I am able to run 3-4 times farther with this, really great. A nice feeling when its working and with  a definite comedown. Its important to mention I am on the IR version, which could be causing these side effects. My food habits are also now VERY healthy."
Review of Methylphenidate: "This Patch is amazing. For those of you having trouble removing the backing, just put patch in fridge for a while, or over night. We just keep the box in the fridge. Peels off nice and easy. And the cold patch helps with the itching."
Review of Focalin XR: "Ok I have been reading up on the side affects and reviews of this medication my 6 year old had tried 2 or 3 other ADHD medications from a clinic he stayed in for about a month he is on XR 20mg and it to me has honestly done wonders my son is able to focus, learn, sit still and get his school work done. He is so much happier that he is learning and can focus on one subject at a time rather than racing through his brain. I like it and only concerns is he can hold better conversations but his answers to question are very short "How was your day?" "Good...".You have to ask him more questions to get more answers. Then you have to repeat or either give him one instruction at a time for him to complete. I'm concerned about the long term side affects"
Review of Guanfacine: "I was diagnosed with Bipolar 2 and ADHD.  Stimulant control of ADHD was out of the question because it would exasperate Bipolar 2. My doc started me tentatively on Intuniv and told me I may be groggy at first but over time it could help me feel more calm and focused. She was right. The first day I took it right before bed and woke up feeling lethargic. But every day since got progressively better. I was more calm, experienced less anxiety and mood swings, was able to focus and handle stresses more easily, and because I wasn't so anxious or emotional I wasn't overeating. My weight leveled out, I was sleeping through the night and quit getting insomnia, I was able to sit still through classes without fidgeting and really concentrate."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My 9 yr old son who has ADHD and ODD has been on Focalin XR for roughly 5 months now after going through 3 other different medicines for his ADHD that produced a lot of side effects. He dropped down to 42 lbs. VERY SCARY, and he would refuse to eat, period. He also takes 1 mg of Risperdal at night.He has a very high tolerance and is given 40 mg of Focalin XR daily. This is the only drug I have found that does not affect his appetite. He eats non stop when he gets home from school until he goes to bed at night. It has calmed him down  but it seems to wear off after 6 hours. Other than that, this medication is GREAT and I will continue to give it to my son."
Review of Guanfacine: "My son has been on med since he was 5 for ADHD, he is 8 now. They started him on methylphenadate(Adderall) he didnt gain weight or grow at all hardly. He is now on Intuniv and we love it. He eats the house down. Its not a stimulant so thats wonderful."
Review of Provigil: "I really love Provigil. I used it for ADD. Provigil helped me stay focused and motivated. The only side effect was if I took it to late in the day I might have a little trouble getting to sleep. It makes sense because it is a stimulant. It is a great drug for ADD because it doesn't cause all those nasty side effects other ADD drugs have. Unfortunately I have to stop using it because insurance won't cover Provigil because it has not been approved to be used as an ADD drug. Completely disappointing. It truly is an amazing drug for ADD."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I can honestly say that Vyvanse changed my life. Was diagnosed with ADD at age of 35; my quality of life has improved dramatically with Vyvanse. I sometimes feel as if I should be a spokesperson for this as I rave about how much it has helped me. "
Review of Methylin ER: "I have been on Methylin ER for about a year and a half. I still have a lot of difficulty with ADHD symptoms, but the medication helps.  I can tell when I don't take it properly, my symptoms increase.  I have only had to increase the dosage once in about six months. I think that I need another increase now. I have not had any problems with side effects. My appetite is fine, no sleep issues (if anything, I sleep better now), no anxiety or increased blood pressure."
Review of Amphetamine: "Adzenys is the first stimulant medicine I've ever tried, I went through a very bad deprrssion from a car accident & working out, eating right & trying every antidepressant just made me even more depressed. Since taking adzenys I'm back to my old happy, energetic self! I don't have add or adhd so I can't comment on that but I do know this has helped me get over most of my depression & helped me to get back to working out & just got me of the couch & out of my rut. The energy was so immense the first week and then I started to get used to it which I've quite enjoyed, I'm not running around like a mad woman but I have the energy & the drive to be my normal self again. At first I had insomnia for a week but Benadryl helped for sure!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been taking this drug for almost a year now and I find it to be extremely helpful. I only wish I had been taking this medication since middle school. I feel no side effects and it has really helped me focus on my day to day tasks. "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This medication has totally changed my like for the better 100%. My life before Adderall was a huge mess and full of incomplete tasks and lots of trouble with work. Now my life is finally together and on track and almost everything I start also gets finished and pretty much right away. My daughter also is on this medication and she went from a D and F average in school to the A,B honor roll and doesn't have any more problems in school. This medicine was a life savior for the both of us... MOTHER AND DAUGHTER!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "Before Ritalin I was constantly snapping at my husband and I was never able to concentrate at work.  After taking it I have turned into a new person!  I am able to relax and for once feel calm.   My husband said that since I started taking it I haven't been as moody.  I am also able to complete my work projects in a timely manner."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been on Concerta for about 2 months now. While the effect is much more gradual compared to the "hitting a brick wall at 100mph" effect Aderall gave me, there were some negative aspects. The first week I was a little shaky, which I also had with the other medicines I've tried (Vyvanse, Aderall, Ritalin). First dose always seems to make me feel really depressed and sick, then the next day I feel much better after my dose. Unfortunately, after the first month of use I've built up a strong tolerance to it and it doesn't work for me anymore. Thinking about trying a higher dosage."
Review of Concerta: "I've taken Concerta on and off since I was 9 so 11 years now. I've taken every ADHD pill ever made and this one is by far the best out of them all. It has helped me a lot in life. I was able to focus in school and I always had good grades. If you miss a dose you can definitely feel it both mentally and physically.  I was able to graduate at the age of 16 and start working full time. I'm not sure where I would be In life without this truly amazing pill. I would recommend to anyone who would benefit from it."
Review of Strattera: "Gums started hurting 2nd day 3rd day unbearable and face started to swell  had to lie down as dizzy , violently sick, pins and needles in hand , very unhappy tooth ache  I as trying to tolerate as got told takes time to work but I was in to much pain so phoned Dr who told me to stop taking it, I never want to take this drug ever again I feel very unwell. No help at all to my AHHD just feel completely Unwell"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been using 70 mg Vyvanse and it was working perfectly for a month, in fact, it still works.  The problem is that my blood pressure, which was perfect, went up 30 points in a month and now I'm at risk for high blood pressure. Also, I lost weight which I must gain back now.  I'm only 16 and this is bad. I'm lean and athletic and have never had any health issues until this. Besides all of this, I really like Vyvanse and hopefully won't have to stop taking it."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am an 18 year old male. While I was in school I struggled with subjects that involve high levels of focus to succeed in e.g. Math, Chem, Physics, English (all of the important ones). In grade 12 I decided to try Concerta after a bad experience with Ritalin (night terrors). I only take it on days I will need it which I think makes you not need to go up in dosage. It worked so well it is hard to explain what happens exactly but it just makes you focus and understand what the teacher is talking about. My marks instantly went up. The only side affects I get is I feel warm and sometimes if I take it to late in the day I have trouble falling asleep. This medicine is a miracle, I wish I had it earlier on in school because it helps so much."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 44 year old woman who just got diagnosed with ADD. Vyvanse is the first medication prescribed to me and I have been on 50mg for about a month.  The first 2 days I was hyped up, euphoric, and extremely talkative. After that and now it has actually mellowed me out, I am in a good mood all day for the first time in 30 years (severe chronic depression). I can't believe the difference and wish I would have had something like this years ago. I might've had a better life. I can concentrate and happily socialize now. I have had zero side effects! Amazing."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I'm 38. Been taking Dexedrine now for my fourth time for a month.  I was diagnosed at 21 in 1995.  I tried Ritalin for a couple weeks and stopped. Went untreated for a few more years.  Went to my doctor about my wild mood swings and EXTREME emotions and told him about Ritalin.  He said I should try Dexedrine.Instantly it did wonders.  If a coworker said something that would have offended me and got me bent out of shape, it just rolled off my back.  I felt great and inspired.  It didn't affect my sex drive at all.  "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "When I was in my last year of college I started seeing a psychologist for depression. After 6 months she screened me for ADHD and started me on adderall. It was ok for a while but she upped my dosage to 40mg per day. That was too much for me so I quit taking it. I noticed the difference when I wasn't on it. I felt way less focused, tired, and my moods were worse.  When I got a job with insurance after a year, I started taking it again. It has helped me tremendously! I only take 10mg per day now."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I started taking Adderall when I was 26 y/o and it was AMAZING for about 2 years. My dose started out at 30mg/day in the beginning and after 2 years was up to 60mg/day (30 mg IR twice daily). I started getting increasingly paranoid, losing, what seemed like, more and more sleep with each passing month. I kept thinking that I was seeing red and blue lights on my walls at night, which made me think the cops were after me outside. Even though I didn't do anything that would require police assistance. Until one day when I lost my mind, literally. I was taken by ambulance to the hospital and put on a 72 hour psychiatric hold for which I ended up staying at the hospital almost 2 week. Diagnosed with amphetamine induced schizoaffective disorder!!!"
Review of Clonidine: "My 7 year old daughter has been on Concerta 18mg for a year.  She started to tolerate that medicine, but I did not want to increase the dosage.  My doctor recommend we add Kapvay to her current concerta dose.  This has made all the difference.  She is no longer bouncing off the walls, jumping on the couch, or leaving half way through a meal.  She is engaged, focused and less moody.  Her emotions are more regulated and we did not tell her teacher but she even commented on the change without us sharing the news.  We are so happy, and this medicine is worth the time it takes to condition to the sleepiness that happens in the initial 2 weeks.  Hope the changes stay."
Review of Adderall: "I started this when I was 27 years old, diagnosed as ADHD. I have had problems my entire life with struggling to stay awake (in general), excessive daydreaming, and socializing. This medicine turned my life around. Not only was I able to stop daydreaming, finish a task and make a list (for the first time ever), I felt more confident carrying on group conversations. I also lost a lot of weight, which I did need to do."
Review of Strattera: "This works great for my daughter who would daydream and often get "stuck" in negative thought patterns like "I can't do it.""
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm diagnosed bipolar, depression and adhd.Vyvanse 20mg- Started: started three days ago- Purpose: to aid in energy and focus to help me breakthrough crippling apathy- Impact: So far Vyvanse has been very effective at helping me to return to more normal functioning. Its impact on my mood has been mixed, although I can now do things which is nice, underneath there is still a layer of boredom.- Side Effects: Mild and fleeting anxiety about three hours after taking and again as it wears off in the evening- Future: Very effective, I hope to increase my dose to 30mg and stay there. I think that would be the ideal dose for aiding me in breaking through my boredom."
Review of Focalin: ". I'm currently 15 yrs old and and this is the second add/adhd meds I've been on. In highschool I feel that it's very important to succeed. Due to me going untreated for my entire childhood, I dropped out. I'm back in school now and it's been 2 years. If it gets to the point where you want to drop out I suggest add medication. But if you have a 3-10 year old I highly don't suggest it. When my brother was 4-7/8 he was on it. He would always try to kill me and my mother. He would hurt animals and kids at school. He was quiet and had no emotion or expression. Tried to kill himself many times. To this day he is now 18 and 5'8 when he is supposed to be over 6ft because our genes. Highly do not recommend unless this is the last resort for a child"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My daughter has been on this drug for a month and she has been focusing a lot better on homework and her behavior has improved. I am currently trying to figure out what to do because it helps her a lot but also causes diarrhea sometimes."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm currently in college and from only a year being on this medicine I have seen a noticeable difference in my ability to focus. My grades have gone from almost all C's to almost all A's. Highly recommended!"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "Experienced zombie like state, very hostile, constant headache, felt a feeling of sadness come over me and wanted to cry randomly.  I talk with my doc. who told me to decrease my dosage but I still had these effects.  On to something else."
Review of Concerta: "I'm 19 and I've been taking this medicine since 6th grade. It really helps now that I'm in College but there is one main thing I don't like about this medicine. It turns you into a zombie/robot effect. I'm a very sociable person but when I'm on this medicine I really become an anti-social person and sometimes I really get a "cracked out sort of feeling". Overall this medicine does help, but it does have it's side effects."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I'm a 24 year old female who was prescribed strattera and Ciprolex combined. I have been diagnosed as ADHD and mild depression. I was on Ciprolex for a number of years before strattera and had no side effects but when I started taking Strattera within 2 days I had heart palpitations, dizziness, sleepiness and nausea. I stayed on the medication because I could not focus on even the most basic of tasks so I dealt with these side effects. After a year I started to feel great!! So I weaned myself off and within 2 months I became such an angry, depressed and filled with anxiety over nothing. Anxiety to the point where I thought I was going to be sick. So now I'm stuck dealing with these pills or be worse than before."
Review of Concerta: "I  am  male,  50 years old and recently diagnosed with ADHD.   Started taking Concerta almost 4 weeks ago, and  much like everyone else, started  at 18mg dosage and now  at 54mg.   I'm not really sure how Concerta has affected me in  my daily life yet,  accept  perhaps helping me getting into deep sleep and dream again.  there are number of symptoms that I like to share with you:-     I wasn't much of a forgetful person to start with,  but now I  tend to forget things-      definitely  low libido and ejaculation issue-      lack of appetite-       lost interest talking to people  specially woman/ mind you, I'm single-        no problems sleeping, though I  also take   10mg  Cipralex"
Review of Concerta: "I started Concerta when I was in 7th grade. I am now 14 and I started off with 36mg now I am 54mg at first I had a big boost in my grades! I started getting A's! This year I have been noticing in school that I have been more anxious, depressed, not hungry during the day, and a little bit socially awkward. I am trying to deal with my side effects. I am going to doctor soon about Concerta. You are not alone"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have had past drug abuse problems with Ritalin and adderall. My doc started me on 50mg of Vyvanse because of less opportunity for abuse.  It works well and is nearly impossible to abuse.  If you take more than the prescribed dose, you don't get the euphoric high that Ritalin and Adderall provides so there is no use to try to abuse it."
Review of Amphetamine: "My 5 1/2 year old son was given this in the past month. We switches from Quillivant XR. This is much better for him. He thinks much more clearly, can focus,  have a conversation.  He doesn't have the anxiety that Quillivant was causing or the emotional crash when the medicine wore off. It's very expensive even with insurance since its so new, but the doctor gave us a discount card to make it very affordable and another problem is all pharmacies don't carry it. Overall much better for his ADHD and less side effects.  His school even noticed an immediate difference."
Review of Vyvanse: "I was just diagnosed ADD by the Quotient test - I have always been successful but lazy and the kind of guy who always did the bare minimum but managed to squeak through life (school and work).  Fortunately I am an entrepreneur and have employees because I do not feel I could have ever held down a job. I have been taking Vyvanse for a week and my entire life has changed - I am getting my work done, I am happier, have less stress and anxiety about not getting things done and for the first time in my life I am able to sit and accomplish a task without getting frustrated, distracted and putting things off.  AMAZING!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been taking Concerta since 2003. For me it's the only ADHD medication that works. It calms me down, I talk at a speed others can understand and my thoughts don't run off. The side effects I get from it are .loss of appetite(growing up I was underweight for this reason) . Trouble sleeping(I ended up needing a medication for this but am currently not on one) .Dry mouth (drink lots of water).... I have also been diagnosed with major depression and bipolar after years of taking Concerta (diagnosed in 2007 and 2013 respectively (both are genetic in my family)). Drugs effect each person differently. If you decide to take Concerta I would suggest keeping track of you side effect and how often they occur and talk to you M.D or N.P."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 22-year-old female who was only diagnosed with ADHD when I was 20.  Although it was a "known" problem throughout my entire life, I had never been diagnosed since I was able to maintain A's and B's throughout my schooling.  Upon arriving to college though, I went from being a rockstar student to crashing and burning my first semester.  After struggling with the idea of taking a stimulant and avoiding medication, I finally caved and tried Vyvanse.  I'm very glad I made the decision because it really helps me direct my thoughts and focus and therefore has reduced a great deal of anxiety that I was experiencing from the frustration of "not getting my life together"."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Ever since I started taking the Adderall, I noticed I am more active, focused, and determined to achieve my goals. It helps me mentally and physically, so of course I definitely like being on it."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Im 17 and have always had a hard time with my depression and Bi-polar disorder. I take medication for them and it's helped but there was still my motivation lacking. I was prescribed Vyvanse and the first day I took it I knew it was the miracle I had been waiting for. It helps my motivation tremendously whether its school work or not, I get more done. And am actually enthusiastic about doing it. The only semi bad thing about it I would say is anxiety. My arms especially get very anxious."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son went from Vyvanse 50mg in am and 20mg in afternoon over to Aptensio 50mg once a day. So far so good and he doesn't need to take a med in school which he likes.  It seems to last into early evening if we give it at 7am."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Started taking Adderall about 3.5 years ago while in my early twenties for ADD. After already been diagnosed at around 7 my parents refused to put me on medicines. I was never able to sit still, go a day without being extremely restless in class, and many times was sent to the office for being loud. After extreme fatigue and no motivation to finish anything including zero motivation to work, depression, etc. I started Adderall. Has helped so much (at first) things got done, class/work was way smoother. And had interest in things I always struggled to absorb. Cons... tolerance builds fast. Sleep is a must or you feel like a corpse. (After the first few weeks sleep comes easier though.) Nervous.  Jittery. "
Review of Vyvanse: "I've been on Vyvanse for about 2 months now and I've seen a huge improvement in my motivation to do thinks and want to do school work. My grades were really bad before I took Vyvanse but now they are excellent. The only downfall to this is I have lost about 20 pounds and it seems like I'm always nervous so I guess I'm going to stop this medicine so I can gain the weight back on."
Review of Desvenlafaxine: "Was given a prescription to Pristiq to help with ADHD in addition to Xanax for anxiety.  The first day I noticed an improved mood, but initially thought it was the Xanax.  After taking Pristiq first thing in the morning and holding off on the Xanax, I noticed a significant improvement in mood over no medication, and a slight improvement over taking both Pristiq and Xanax.  Between the two of them, they seem to keep my anxiety and focus in a healthy range.  The only side effect I've noticed is slight jaw fatigue from clenching.  Pretty minor though, and something I have no problem dealing with."
Review of Adderall XR: "Adderall XR 20mg, doesn't help me at all.  I can't tell I took it.  The manufacturer is Activas Pharm"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been taking Concerta for nearly five years now and just recently it hasn't been working as well as it used to. I was diagnosed with ADD in 6th grade and was then prescribed this medication. I've been taking it ever since. But back in May, I started to notice that I was having a much harder time focusing. It was almost like I hadn't taken it at all. This was very unfortunate since at that time I was having my end of year exams. I've also seen that others have been having the same problem. I'm looking forward to having this sorted out because my ADD is very bad and makes it very hard just to function in everyday life."
Review of Guanfacine: "My 7yr old who is autistic, has ADHD and epilepsy has taken guanfacine for about 3 years now.  Since 12/6/2016 she has been taking 1mg ER and we just increased to 2mg ER on 1/7/2017.  My girl is a new child, can focus more, is learning more, and is getting much better daily reports from school.  She is tired by the end of the day but I think it's due to her still adjusting to the dosage.  I am extremely happy with our results!"
Review of Adderall XR: "Worked perfectly for the first week (10mg), my mind was completely clear and I felt almost no anxiety whatsoever. Second week(20mg) started feeling suicidal, worst i've ever felt in my entire life. Parents thought it was out of character, I couldn't stop crying- worst emotional pain i've ever felt (I've never felt like that before). Was convinced it wasn't the medication, but felt better as soon as I stopped taking it. If you're feeling this way while being on it, it's probably the medication... I was convinced that it wasn't until I started seeing that a couple other people had similar reactions. 19/female"
Review of Guanfacine: "My 12 year old daughter was on Vyvanse and had great success with it, but after the end of the school year the doctor and I decided to switch to something else during the summer. After 5 days on Intuniv at 1 mg she was lethargic, cranky and feeling downright gloomy. I also noticed she was starting to stutter. We discontinued the Intuniv immediately."
Review of Adderall XR: "I am only giving this a 7 because it definitely made a change in my ability to concentrate for long periods but it was not a pleasant experience. As soon as I took the medicine it would make me feel exhausted and tired. I would have to fight the tiredness to get any benefit out of it. By the end of the day I was drained. It also made me extra agitated. I couldn't focus on more than one thing at a time so when someone would distract me I would get very irritated. I also tensed up my muscles and had bad neck/bad pain. I switched to Ritalin but that was crap too. They put me on Vyvanse and it feels similar but less intense than adderall so we shall see."
Review of Concerta: "My 8 year old son has taken it for two months now. It has helped out a lot in school and with his social behavior. However he has gotten depressed and we have just taken him off it."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My teenager daughter was recently diagnosed with ADHD to no surprise to anyone.  She managed well until high school and was then put on Daytrana. she has experienced no side effects except decrease in appetite and if she keeps the patch on too long she might have difficulty falling asleep.  Her focus has improved substantially and she is able to do her school work.  However as everyone knows this medication only solves one piece of the puzzle.  Overall she does not seem to have the rebound issues that people have with the medications taken by mouth."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have been on this medicine for approx a week with no benefits whatsoever. I am taking 60 mg(12ml) a day. Dexedrine, on the other hand, has very positive reviews and will be asking for Dexedrine next appt."
Review of Amphetamine: "My son's doctor gave him this to try. It's pretty much the same as Adderall. I didn't see a big difference in his behavior compared to generic Adderall. There's not much point in paying a premium price (no generic) for the same effectiveness as his usual med."
Review of Strattera: "I took this med for ADHD with hopes of helping w/anxiety & depression. I had headaches right away and began lying in bed all day long. I wanted this to work so I stuck with it despite constipation, dry mouth/eyes and headaches. My mood was worsened and I had a flat affect. I didn't laugh for two weeks. It wasn't until I stopped taking it that I realized how depressed it had made me. Once out of my system, my libido also returned. Drugs change the brain chemistry and for some it works, for others it doesn't. Straterra is not for me."
Review of Strattera: "Side effects are nausea, inability to eat, dry mouth, however, as a grad student, this is an excellent medicine to take for focusing in studying and on exams.  However, when I am in the clinic I do not take it."
Review of Concerta: "Started Concerta 5 weeks ago. Started with a "pediatric" dose (I'm almost 40) and worked up to 54mg. LOVE that I can finally focus and finish tasks, work is getting completed, my lists are getting checked off, and I'm making it to appointments on time. THEN...2 weeks ago, slight insomnia started to get worse, and minor anxiety..thought it was various life issues I was dealing with. Tonight..I'm dealing with severe insomnia and anxiety so bad I can barely sit and research my problem. I have a check up with my Dr in 2 weeks, I'm calling tomorrow to get in sooner. I'm very upset as it solved my ADD problems and thought I started a new life...I do not want to start the trial and error roller coaster all over."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 18, and alongside my ADD, I suffer from major depression disorder, objective defiant disorder, and major case anxiety. After an emotional breakdown on a school trip, my doctor started me back on my Zoloft and once I got that stabilized he started me on Vyvanse. We started at 40 and that worked while I was taking my Zoloft at night, but when I moved it to the morning, we had to up the dose to 60mg. I have experienced nausea, dizziness, increasing perspiration, and a little insomnia, but they don't last too long. I have also been struggling with weight pretty much my whole life. I started on May 2nd and I have lost a little over 20lbs."
Review of Adderall XR: "I'm 57 years old.  Both my sons were diagnosed with ADHD.  I went out with a guy with ADHD and the symptoms he described were just like mine. My doctor was hesitant about prescribing it to someone my age.  I went home and got it filled and about 45 minutes later I was amazed.  I was talking, being sociable, and enjoying the people I had known for years and barely talked to.  I have never felt some calm.  I thought, "wow, is this what normal people feel like?"  I'm much more focused and productive even though I've always been successful and done well in school.  I tried the regular Adderall and it didn't help at all. I'm only taking 10mg and it's working great!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "15 and diagnosed this year. I have been on it for 4 months (in conjunction with cipralex). Made a massive difference to my concentration levels and sustained energy, I had no idea it was possible to be this productive. Nausea was awful the first week (even threw up once) but faded quickly. I still need to eat alongside it to prevent nausea but since I take it at breakfast time its not a problem. only persistent side effect has been weight loss - abt 7 kgs in past 4 months - mostly due to appetite loss.I was on concerta (ritalin XR) beforehand and the side effects such as heart palpitations and insomnia were awful, also didn't help my adhd symptoms at all. I'd recommend strattera to people who've had bad results with stimulant adhd meds."
Review of Concerta: "I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 7. And started taking focalin soon after I was very impulsive and couldn't focus. When I was 11 I started Adderall that would keep me up at night. And I was dependent on it. Last year (13 yrs old) I was on 31 mg of concerta the first day I took it. I was lightheaded and nauseous. I am almost 14 and I take 27 mg of Concerta it has helped immensly with social situations I am now a "cool" kid. I still struggle with school and am not very hungry. But overall I think concerta is a good fit for me. On a average day I eat a small breakfast of toast and a fruit or veg, skip lunch(not ever hungry) and eat a light dinner. On the weekends i don't take it and I have the muchies all day."
Review of Adderall: "I suffered a brain injury from a work related injury about 3 years ago. What I was suffering from the doctor says was acute ADHD onset from brain damage. I could not concentrate, I was a bundle of nerves, I would argue with my family of little things it just didn't make sense. I couldn't accomplish any tasks at home. It was an awful experience. My doctor wanted to try me on Adderall and what a transformation. I am my old self again, I enjoy being with my family and playing ball with my son although I can't stay out long. I can concentrate on my work at hand. It also will make you not sleepy if you take it late at night. I take 30mg twice a day. It actually saved my life."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "It works but I am taking low dose because it decreases appetite."
Review of Adzenys XR-ODT: "Have been taking for few months. Switched from adderall and it's been good. Can concentrate more at work and when driving. Overall satisfied and will keep continue taking it."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was screened for Adult ADHD and was diagnosed inattentive type.  I was screened after totaling 12 cars in 5 years due to distractability.  My grades have gone up, and the car accidents have gone down, so far anyway.  I take 15mg 2-4 times daily."
Review of Methamphetamine: "Took this for 3 weeks. After the honeymoon phase of week 1&2, I noticed how clean it felt. I had little to zero side effects. Then week 3 I increased it to 10mg in the morning and 5 in the afternoon. Developed freezing cold toes and fingers. It was a nightmare, stopped for a few days, tried 1 a day seemed to be fine, increased it to 2 and felt the cold sensation. Moving onto another medication."
Review of Methylphenidate: "It gave me back a life, which I thought I would never have."
Review of Adderall: "I take Adderall for ADHD, simply put my GPA in college has literally doubled to 3.5, school is easy now. This medicine is like night and day. I'm glad it only lasts for a certain time 6-8 hours. I have zero appetite on the medicine and lost 15 lbs in two weeks when I started these pills. Aggression is increased. Adderall is amazing. Listen to your doctor and do not take more than you are supposed to."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Did not seem to notice much improvement, was on it for probably 8-10 wks."
Review of Vyvanse: "My son is 14 and has always been super sensitive to these meds- he was diagnosed at 6 ADHD. We started with concerta- he lost 11 lbs in 5 weeks. We switched to a slow release methylphenidate.  At Christmas, it was felt that maybe he needed something different- his last increase didn't seem to be helping. That's when we started vyvanse. I have seriously mixed feelings about this drug. There is some control of the hyperactivity component but he's grouchier, more argumentative and not really more productive. Is it age and adolescence?"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am 30 started taking this due to excessive daydreaming and quite frankly not getting anything done. Could not focus for more than 10 minutes before a thought would come and get distracted by it. Apartment was in a mess. Priorities are all over the place. Wanted to do so many things and all at the same time. So I went to the doctor and left with a prescription for Concerta 18-27-36mg.I don't know if he had the right diagnosis but shit is getting done and everything is great. Less tired, less naps, did not take a nap since I started this. Now I'm at the 36mg step. Truth is the drug is only 10% of the solution. Once you know you can do something, you have to keep that mindset and go with it or else you will take this drug forever and ever."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm currently in college and from only a year being on this medicine I have seen a noticeable difference in my ability to focus. My grades have gone from almost all C's to almost all A's. Highly recommended!"
Review of Desoxyn: "Desoxyn has opened doors to my life, heart, and mind that I thought would never be able to be opened and be shared with the world.  The side effects were little to none and other medicines side effects greatly outweighed the Desoxyn effects."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "My son had been on Adderall XR (25mg) for well over 6 years and it has really worked well for him. I would say the only side effect that was difficult to deal with was the lack of appetite.  However, after hitting the teenage years it has fallen back  into normal teenage young man trying to eat everything lol. On a very good note: my son finished his 8 th grade year with A's & B's as well as a 3.4 GPA and is now looking forward to attending high school in the fall."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Well, started taking strattera around 6 weeks back, had ADHD since I was a child. (23 now) been on ritilin and a couple of other ones when I was young, can't remember the name of the other two. Took myself off the meds when I was old enough to leave school, looking at how people are describing their children's symptoms are bringing it all back. How every day at school trying to eat was the biggest challenge, YES I could sit still, YES I was "well behaved" but all the time every day I just felt ill. All some parents and mostly schools care about is if every child in the room is quiet and being educated. I'd never felt so free when I took myself off the meds. Strattera is kind of working for me now but is causing a lot of changes to my body"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Great and helps pay attention but if you take a high dose (30mg or more) it can give really severe headaches. Drinking caffeinated drinks may help reduce it."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Been on vayvanse and dextroanphethamane for two years vayvanse 2 years dex for 4 months.  Let me say I work weird hours 12 to 16 hrs a day it took me forever to get doc to trust me and he finally realised hey he is ADD also. So far so good. No side effects  at all  just have to remember  to pace yourself and be patient until they take hold in your system don't get discouraged."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Not much side effects, just see imprint of things, when upping the dosage. Feel drugged, like it's releasing chemicals in the brain, have quick 1 second pain in leg throughout the day now and again. Helps somewhat with ADHD."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Honestly taking adderall has help me very much. I no longer fight with others and I'm not overly sensitive anymore. Ever since I have been taking it my grades have gone up. Just a month I went from failing everything to passing all my classes. For me I don't have any negative side effects except one. When I drive alone at night sometimes I think I see something on my passenger floor move and it freaks me out immensely, but thats rare. Overall I my symptoms leave and go."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "It's awesome. I can now concentrate in school and on my homework and im now getting A's on my tests. It's simply amazing."
Review of Atomoxetine: "This stuff must've been brewed up by a demon in the depths of hell cause it was awful.  I can't explain the feeling when it kicked in other than I wasn't prepared and I could definitely feel it kick in.  Also it was too much for me to really be helpful.. I felt a lot like i did when I tried to take vivanse once and it was so bad I threw the stuff away and years later I'm just trying to get back on meds.  Well it also makes me really tired and agitated but it's difficult to sleep after it kicks in because for the next three or four hours if just hits me in waves.  A week into taking it I started getting so bummed I eventually started feeling suicidal.  Will never take this stuff again."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Ok I've been on V for 3 years now cuz I've tried all the other amphetamine based "Adderall, AdderallXR,etc. Vyvanse seemed to address my ADHD issues but its almost a year since I've lost my appetite and most days I'll have a KIND bar in the morning but I take my V. It can be 8am or 11am and still haven't been able to eat. It feels like u have the flu and nothing seems appetizing, I take a multivitamin, B12 complex, as well as Iron. I have lost weight but after a year with not eating consistently but I am tired all day, crabby, my teeth hurt too "
Review of Methylin ER: "My doctor recently switched me from Ritalin LA to Methylin ER since it comes in a generic form and is much more affordable.  Sometimes I can't even tell I have taken the Methylin ER, the performance is so sub-standard to the Ritalin LA.  "
Review of Atomoxetine: "Hey, I'm a 20 y/o Medical Assistant (Internal Medicine), After being on Strattera for about 2 months, and even though I complain about my pts not battling through side affects to achieve benefit, I as well, failed to reach the finish line. I Re-Starting Strattera 4 months later, I think I finally figured out why this medicine is so difficult for me. I have come to realize that this medication is relatively a "Shock Collar" more or less. Strattera doesn't actually "Help" my symptoms but yet, "Shocks me" (Punishes me) when my symptoms show through. Every time I get distracted, or overly excited, start mono-logging thoughts in my head, etc. the side affects flare up. I dont know if this is true for everyone, but it is what i have noticed."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been a mental health counselor for 37 years and have worked with ADHD for 25 Of all the medications Vyvanse is the best. It is important to start low 20 mg and then increase based on focus concentration and mid afternoon agitation. Expect very few side effects. Slight appetite loss but manageable. Very important to take it at 7am everyday. May want to hold off on weekends unless there is need to focus for study. Consider counseling to help stay on track and educate client and family regarding the fact that ADHD is a gift of creativity and out of the box thinking."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm 31 and diagnosed with ADHD for 23 years. When my parents started me on Ritalin in 3rd grade their only regret was letting me struggle for so long. I was always being sent home from school for playing in the mud, walking out of class, etc. I was talkative and happy, but my grades were well below satisfactory - I had very few teachers encourage me, rather I was written off as a disruption. My first year on medication was hard, I had no appetite and trouble sleeping. After about 6 months all the side effects went away. I could eat and sleep no problem. I have been on Adderal now for 17 years. I graduated college, have amazing job - not sure where I would be if nobody saw the signs and helped."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 17 year old high school student. I am very active, I play football, wrestle, and run track. I had always known that I wasn't stupid or anything, but I just didn't feel like applying myself. I started taking Vyvanse after the first marking period of grading my JR. I had 2 E's, 1 D-, 1 C, 1B  and 1A- (weight Lifting). So finally my mother took me to go get checked out and I was indeed ADHD. The first day I took it, I felt like I was on top of the world. I had turned in almost ALL makeup work, like I had to be doing something productive at all times. My next Grading Period Grades were all A's. My whole football team and wrestling team could not believe it. I felt so good about myself, I am on 70 mg because I burn a lot off."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Started Adderall 2 weeks ago. I am still trying to find the right dose. Doctor said "start with 10mg morning and afternoon but if that's to much take 5mg morning and afternoon" I'm finding if I take 10mgs and my day is really busy I am fine but if my day is not than I notice my heart rate and a need to be doing something. I'm not sure about this medicine yet but willing to give it a little more time. I just want to know if the feeling of needing to be busy will end."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I waited a couple of months before I wrote a review because I wanted to make sure it worked. My son, 7yrs old, has been on focal for 3 months. He is doing wonders with it. It helps him stay grounded to get all his daily tasks done and his concentration in school has been awarded by teachers and peers. The only issue is loss of appetite which in turned made him loose 13 pounds in 3 months. With the help of his pediatrician and the staff at the school were on top of him now with a high protein diet and snacks throughout the day."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "This worked amazing with my son. Our biggest problem was he didn't want to eat and lost a lot of weight."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am a 36 year old African American female graduate student who is currently applying to med school, while working full-time in a hospital pharmacy. I had been on Effexor 150mg daily for several years for depression. Last March (2011), I was diagnosed with ADHD by a LCSW with 30 years of experience in the field. Initially, I was on Concerta 36mg, but switched to the less expensive Adderall XR 20mg daily. I find that my concentration is much better, but I have lost 30 lbs. & have a decreased libido. After taking Adderall XR 20mg for only 3 months, I saw significant improvements in my MCAT score (8th MCAT attempt)! This year, I am will definitely obtain a competitive score & finally secure my spot in med school. THANKS ADDERALL XR!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I've been almost 3 years taking 30mg. Initially, it was sporadical. Now I just need it daily to function properly. Until one year ago I took Lexapro 10 mg   Xanax 1 or 2 mg/day. Now I had to increase Xanax to 4mg per day and sometimes Rohypnol to try to get some sleep. I feel really depressed and it's getting worse, also easily angry, that didn't occur when I took Lexapro but my psychiatrist didn't think it was necessary to take it any longer. I have to make major efforts to overcome suicidal thoughts. Have awful tremors and recently a unusual chest pain."
Review of Methamphetamine: "How is this not more widely prescribed? My doc had me on Strattera at first, didn't help at all. Next I switched to Concerta, which worked, but  increased my anxiety, and I had a crash. Next I switched to Adderall, which had almost the same effect as Concerta but on top of that I had no appetite.Finally I switched to Desoxyn and that's when my life started to turn around. My grades instantly went up and homework became fun for me. Math problems became like a puzzle, and history became fun, like watching a real-life movie. Right when I made the switch to Desoxyn, I got caught up on ALL my homework and my grades instantly switched from D's and F's to B's and A's. Not only that, but my social anxiety was completely GONE."
Review of Dyanavel XR: "My daughter HATES the flavor! I can't get her to keep it down for more than a couple seconds before it's coming out of her mouth.  I'd rather fight her in getting to swallow a pill than cleaning up the medicine from the floor.  Will be trying something else."
Review of Vyvanse: "Been taking the drug for 2 weeks. The dosage is 70.  I have adult ADHD. The side effects I am experiencing are a slight head ache during sleep and I am experiencing insomnia.  Probably need to check my blood pressure more often.  I am not all that happy with current results."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Male age 47 adhd sufferer.... Been taking concerta xl 36mg for the past 12 years now.. To start with, I didn't understand how the drug would help me.. But now Looking back it has proved to be a fantastic drug that has tweaked the way I live my life.. But I say this with caution, as its not perfect and it caused me a lot of other problems.. Like someone has said on here before it doesn't turn you into a fully focus person. Sorry. Well it hasn't for me but it has helped me over time to stop beating myself up on that bloody roundabout in my mind, and gain a little bit of confidence..Balance of mind ultimately came when I was prescribed antidepressants.. So I use concerta at 4am and antidepressants at 8pm.."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I am a 25 yr old female with ADHD And bipolar disorder. My doctor started me on Strattera a little over a month ago and it works great. I was having a hard time constraining in class (I'm a college student) and it really helps me focus. The only down side is the occasional nausea but I found if I take it on an empty stomach the nausea isn't so bad. I would suggest this medicine."
Review of Vyvanse: "Worst drug to alter your mind and make you crazy. Severely depressed and suicidal"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I think this drug helps really well."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Took it for a month. It caused a great deal of anxiety, sweating, and nausea. "
Review of Focalin: "Experienced zombie like state, very hostile, constant headache, felt a feeling of sadness come over me and wanted to cry randomly.  I talk with my doc. who told me to decrease my dosage but I still had these effects.  On to something else."
Review of Clonidine: "My son has been on every medicine available for ADHD and it didn't work. I thought to myself one day how about giving him his night medicine during the day. I asked the doctor and he said if we were going to do that I prefer giving him Kapvay rather than the Catapres he's on so we did and I could not be more happier. On his color chart everyday he was bringing home green which is great, the past 3 days though in the afternoon they change it from green to a warning which is yellow so maybe I need to increase his afternoon pill just a little. Other then that Kapvay is great!"
Review of Concerta: "I've been on over half of the ADHD medications on the list, and all of them either made it worse, or added on to the tic the first medication gave me. I started taking Concerta about two years ago, and I remember improving in school greatly. It works fast, and helps a lot"
Review of Vyvanse: "Things to be mindful of: Can cause extreme anorexia-be careful if you are struggling with anorexia or bulimia nervosa; Helps reduce binge eating greatly- good for binge eating disorder and bulimia when the person is trying to correct bingeing and not abusing the drug as a way of losing weight; Can cause depression, suicidal ideations, and tiredness- Usually is a result of taking a dose that is too high and the symptoms usually occur once the meds start to wear off; Can cause severe anxiety- taking Vyvanse at a dose that is too high can cause severe anxiety, this can usually be resolved by lowering the dose.Some of these things can be resolved by adjusting the dosage but sometimes a specific medication doesn't work well with your body."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was first given this drug when I was only 6,  I started having horrible crashes When I was 7 I started getting hallucinations of my toys coming to life and beating me to death and I'd scream and kick when my parents came in to try to calm me down. I have 30min-4 hour anxiety attacks, I feel sad empty and useless, I felt like everyone was judging me and I almost committed suicide twice, once when I was only 9. I tried stopping the drug but found the nausea, pain, and anxiety only got worse without the medication so now I'm stuck,. These people saying the drug is great have not been on it for long, please if you are thinking of getting this drug, don't."
Review of Methylphenidate: "It's amazing how much more focused my 16 year old son is, since he started his daily 36mg Concerta.  His work effort and work quality is improved dramatically.  Yes, managing his food consumption has been a bit of work.  His appetite is definitely not what it used to be, but we're working on it.  Although it's only been 3 weeks, we are all thrilled with his response.  Good luck to all!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "36 year old female diagnosed last year. I did not want medication, but fearing I'd lose my job from symptoms, talked to my doctor and gave Strattera a try. Been on it a month. Can see major improvements in concentration, getting things done, not jumping from one thing to another constantly. I'm also a calmer, less anxious version of myself, more patient mother. Things don't seem to bother me as much! My head is quiet. For side effects the first 2 days were bad - chills, tingling/current sensation on my scalp, upper back and neck and numb arms, drowsy. My doctor told me not to quit, so glad I did! No constipation or trouble urinating. Still get occasional chills and scalp tingling, low appetite (good cause I was overeating!). Hope it lasts!"
Review of Strattera: "Well, it only took 33 years for me (and a good doctor), to figure out what was wrong with me. I have had unexplained tachycardia (did EKGs and no problems, although never during an episode) since about age 8-9, I've had episodes of fainting, syncope, almost fainting, fatigue, being hyper and crashing. ADD symptoms, depression, mania. I have been treated for Depression and Mania, 3 years ago, and came oh so close to a solution, but the wrong meds made it even worse. Took 2 years to recover. Until, I got a new doctor, who treated my ADD and after two failed attempts to tolerate Adderall and Ritalin, prescribed Straterra, in the first 40 minutes I tool 25mg, my ADD symptoms subsided, and ALL other symptoms have resolved."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 5 year old son was prescribed Vyvanse as his first medication after being diagnosed with ADHD-combined type and we've seen a huge difference in his attitude already. He is so polite, much calmer (but not zombied), still has his personality and is active. He's become more aware of his surroundings and how to treat others around him appropriately. I can't wait for school to start again to see how well his social relationships will improve now that he's undergoing treatment. Side effects the first few days were not nice to watch but he adjusted and is doing awesome. No insomnia or appetite loss either, and he has no complaints; it's perfect for him!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I like Adderall for my ADHD a lot.  It keeps me focused and I am able to concentrate and accomplish the things that I need to get accomplished, also it helps me with my depression a lot because it makes me feel more happy and motivated."
Review of Amphetamine: "My daughter HATES the flavor! I can't get her to keep it down for more than a couple seconds before it's coming out of her mouth.  I'd rather fight her in getting to swallow a pill than cleaning up the medicine from the floor.  Will be trying something else."
Review of Concerta: "I am currently a junior in high school on concerta going onto 4 years with it and I can honestly say it does work very well. It helps me focus a lot and you can see the results inflicted on my academics and how good they got. But the side effects are the down fall of course. I get insomnia and I lose my appetite completely for a whole day. And on top of that I feel emotionless, like a robot that all it wants to do is study and focus. It takes a toll on social life, but I guess that's the price we all have to go through when taking medications."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "Our Facts:  Son was getting into trouble at school every day. He was a terror around the house. His diet was exceptional, eating vegetables, fish, fruit, rice, and no sugary drinks or high fructose corn syrup.  Lots of love and discipline at home. Got in trouble all the time at home and school because he's uncontrollable.With Focalin he immediately improved and is doing great in school.  He is actually happier and feeling better now.  While his appetite is down while on the medicine (about 7 hours), he eats a huge breakfast and a huge dinner to compensate.  Even his tick has gone away.   We are very relieved. Only downside is that it only lasts about 7 hours.  So when he gets home, he starts amping up again."
Review of Adderall XR: "Helped my life entirely. I'm a more productive and clinical learner now. Didn't realize how bad I wasn't able to stay focused until I took this and noticed the difference. Sleep and eat fine on it. After the first week that is. But the lack of appetite restlessness wasn't even that bad even then."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I started taking 30mg Vyvanse about 2 months ago. Prior to this, I've been unmedicated for ADHD for about 20 years. For this time I have been coping with inattentiveness and failing school grades. When I first took Vyvanse I noticed the effects after about 30 minutes. My head felt very focused and conversations with people became very clear. For the first time in a long time I could listen to someone for longer than 1 minute without my mind trailing off to another thought. I try to take Vyvanse as earlier as possible. Usually I take it around 8:00am with 9:00am being the latest. Taking Vyvanse after this time tends to keep me up past midnight. Vyvanse lasts about 12-15 hours for me."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Consistent control of symptoms all day."
Review of Concerta: "I began taking Concerta at the age of 13 to treat my ADHD. I'm now 22, still taking 27MG of Concerta daily. Overall it has been helpful with managing my ADHD symptoms, I'm much less distracted and able to stick to one task at a time. It was especially helpful when I was in school because it was just so impossible for me to stay focused in class. As an adult it makes work so much easier for me because my job requires things to be done with a lot of precision. Side effects I've experienced have been headaches (occasionally migraines), inconsistent appetite, restlessness at night, some difficulty sleeping and constant thirst. Despite the side effects I feel that my overall quality of life has improved with taking Concerta to manage my ADHD."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 30 year old woman, recently diagnosed with ADD.  I always knew there was an issue there because I have always been extremely irritable/short-fused, indecisive, impatient, impulsive, forgetful, anxious, etc.  I somehow busted my butt through school and even managed to get my Bachelors degree but this came with re-reading lines of texts, taking several breaks while studying, and telling myself to focus constantly.  I usually stare at someone talking but don't know what was said because I was thinking of something else completely.  I couldn't remember movies or conversations to save my life.  Docs said it was anxiety and increased the dose constantly.  At 30mg and 4 days on Vyvanse, I feel great.  Only headaches here and there but I'm hopeful!"
Review of Concerta: "I'm 18 and I've been on Concerta for years. All the bad side effects I have so I tried other medications but nothing worked, so I went back to Concerta. I love it. It makes me focus and not annoy people but it makes me have mood swings and go into phases where I'll just not talk, not eat, just watch movies all day (not depression).  "
Review of Adderall: "While not perfect, this drug helped me achieve around an 80% improvement in my focus, attention, and ability to see tasks through to the end.  I take 20mg IR in the morning and 20mg early in the afternoon.  I was never diagnosed with A.D.D when I was a kid likely because I barely went to see doctors as a child.  I used illicit drugs my whole life until it caused me to almost kill myself.  After being clean for a year, I noticed my problems persisted with attention, focus, and finishing tasks.  After seeing a Psychiatrist and getting a proper test/diagnosis,  I'm grateful.  It's helped a lot."
Review of Vyvanse: "It works wonders"
Review of Methylphenidate: "my son has been taking concerta at varying mg's for the past 6 years. He has experienced increased heart palpatations at night for the past year.  Cardiologist and ADD doctor state that its anxiety related. Rx has worked well for years. Unfortunately, i think its time to rethink the prescription as he enters his preteen years."
Review of Strattera: "28 year old female.I have both positives and negative effects. I have been on Strattera for six weeks Side effects constipation,dry mouth,anger and terrible insomnia. I cannot sleep even after taking zoplicone 7.5mg I struggle and when I eventually do get to sleep I don't sleep for more than 5 hours and its always broken I wake up several times so am always left feeling exhausted. My mood swings however have massive improved, pretty much stopped which I'm very happy about. Only complaint with mood is that I seem to become very angry over little things, I have had several arguments when I have always suffered with anxiety so am not confrontational at all.I am not happy and going to consult my psychiatrist regarding changing meds"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Prescribed 20 mg x 2.  Been on it for 2 months now and I'm weighing the pro's and cons.  I fell back to ONE 20 mg. per morning.  2 20 mg was too much.  Granted it helps with focus, memory, and makes me a bit outgoing.  But at the price of loss of appetite, weak erection, dry mouth, headaches, weakness and muscle cramps, sweating, and a few other nagging issues.  It's not the first time for me on this med, or groups.  They really are convenient for some of my issues but at a cost.  Not so sure if I want my focus, thought process, restored at the cost it brings me in the other areas."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Hey all! I've seen where some people have mentioned the cost of Strattera. I have insurance and my copay was still $45. I actually got online and googled Strattera discount cards and my pharmacy let me use it on top of my insurance. My prescription ended up being free and I can still get a discounted price each month so I'm pretty stoked! "
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been taking vyvanse for at least three to four years now pretty consistently. I have never wrote a review before on this medication because I was always at limbo about how I felt on it. I will say that vyvanse gets the job done as far as helping focus and pay attention to tasks. I am a full time student and this medication has helped me jump from a 2.5 GPA to a 3.5 GPA. I have taken up to 60 mg but I went through time periods where I would withdrawal myself from it and start back up again at 30 mg. The 30mg is way more manageable than any other dose I think. Although this medication has positively changed my life, it has also created issues for me. I am very tired when I do not take my medicine. Even if I miss a day.."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been diagnosed with ADHD since I was 6. I am now 26 years old and just 3 years ago I wanted to be retested just to make sure if I even still have ADHD as bad as I did when I was a kid and of course it hasn't toned down. I have taken Ritalon and it made me very angry at night and a zombie by day. I have also taken Adderral, which I like and maybe might switch back. Vyvanse really helps me focus gives me a positive attitude and more energy but I get the worst migraines at night every night. Ritalin gave me headaches as well and I can barely sleep. I thought maybe I needed a new mattress so I bought a great one and still waking up a thousand times a night. It has its pros and cons like everything else."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Had the best results from Adderall XR. So smooth that I could concentrate and felt like the most normal person with absolutely no highs and lows. I could sit and concentrate for hours, go to sleep like normal people and wake up like other adults. Insurance quit paying for it and had to switch to regular Adderall."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I take vyvanse 30mg for binge eating and ADHD. I  started taking it because I noticed that my binge eating was worsening. I am a very active 55yr old woman who works out 4-5 days a week. Weight lifting etc, also my job is physically demanding. I starting taking 50mg 1st for about 6mo. I lost 20lbs I could barely eat. I started to notice I was getting cramps in my legs. All the time I have worked out I never had these issues. So I lowered to 30mg. I am not getting horrible cramps all the time in my joints and arthritis in my hands. I realize that age does play a factor but its my shoulders too, I just ache all over at nighttime. And my eating has cut down but I tend to now just want to eat sugary and high carb foods. Kind of like a druggie."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have Bipolar I disorder along with PTSD and ADHD. I am a rapid cycler which means im all over the place and I need to have a strict medication schedule in order to remain stable. Being on any stimulant medications, like even a steroid for inflammation, can make me manic. After spending years trying to stabilize my condition I faced with a choice: either drop out of college bc I couldnt keep up or risk going manic by trying an ADHD med. It took months for my doctor to agree to give me something, anything, for my ADHD because the risks were too high, but she finally did. In February she prescribed Quillivant XR because it had seemed to work with other Bipolar patients. Since then everything has changed. My mind works. My brain works finally"
Review of Vyvanse: "Started Vyvanse (30mg) about 3 years ago, and still on it to this day! I am extremely more concentrated, and have more motivation throughout the entire day. This medication saved my life, and I have not looked back every since! Plus you loose weight, so that's a plus (:"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Made me psychotic, Messed up my sleep (go to bed at 5 am and wake up at noon)And the worst part is, it didn't help.Later my doctor then prescribed me adderall, then ritalin, then a bunch of others, all did the same thingthen i decided to go to a holistic doctor, now i'm on synaptol (a natural "medicine") and i can now actually focus at works."
Review of Adzenys XR-ODT: "I may not be the right demographic for this medication but works well and better than lugging around a pill bottle and swallowing a pill with water.  Comes in individual blister packs and easy to transport for ADHD travelling business professionals like myself."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been taking Vyvanse 4mg for a month and my productivity in my work and school have increased measurably. I have taken several different ADHD medicines through a period of several years, and Vyvanse is by far the most effective. It hasn't caused me any of the side effects caused by most ADHD medicines (paranoia, restlessness, agitation, lack of appetite). Of course these are just my experiences, but I would recommend Vyvanse to others."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have an appointment in a week to get ADHD and bipolar meds but I was given a sample of a 70mg vyvanse I had previously been trying to  do the dishes for about two hours (procrastination) I could feel it kick in after 2 hours and I ended up cleaning every inch of the kitchen. Cleaned the walls cabinets and all the appliances. I was actually interested in cleaning and was able to keep cleaning for 10 hours without getting off track. The effects only lasted about 10 hours and I could tell when it was ending because my cravings for cigarettes started again. I only smoked about 2 cigarettes in that period. I binge eat if I don't smoke regularly so its great for quitting smoking along with focus for ADHD. Will be asking about this one."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Amazing."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Dexedrine is okay! When I first took it I was excited and hoped to feel something. I was instantly in a good mood, more focused, and patient. However the come down off this drug is horrible. The depression and sadness start to come back and it's just discouraging that only a medication can band-aid those emotions. I have have felt overstimulated as well. I had a gastric bypass four years ago so my doc said noXR but he put me on four 10mg a day which I feel is too much. I become agitated, irritable, paranoid, panicky, crying, etc. I decreased it to two a day. I feel that this might be too strong of a stimulant for me. I want to try Adderall since it's cheaper on my insurance and it has less dex. We'll see what he says at my next visit."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "This medicine works extremely well. I have been very pleased with its effects and yielded results in many different areas in my life.  From greatly increased concentration to unknown sources of motivation to succeed, Vyvanse has helped me immensely.I also think that I should put this in here too.  I am eighteen and have experienced depression before.  During one such battle, I thought that a "nice way to end things," would be to really overdose on my medicines.Well, turns out that you just get a really strange night's sleep and an awful stomach ache for a day with your fair share of vomiting.  Needless to say, I learned my lesson and really just told myself how stupid I was and went on with life.However, all in all, this medicine is very good."
Review of Dyanavel XR: "This is the only medication we've tried so far for my 11 year old son, but it works. His school work has done a 180 degree turn since we started on Dyanavel.  The only downside is the flavor, which he hates, but he's motivated do he takes it anyway. We haven't had any negative side effects other than reduced appetite I'm the first few months taking the medication.  He's back to raiding the fridge 24/7 now though."
Review of Adderall XR: "Helps greatly."
Review of Concerta: "I first started with 27 mg or concerta when it was giving me no effect my doctor increased to 54 mg. At first I loved it. So great...motivation, energy, concentration etc. But then I realized how bad my anxiety was getting and that my prozac was no longer controlling my anxiety and depression. Concerta caused me to have very severe migraines which cause nausea and dizziness. I would have a migraine in the morning and the only thing that would take it away was the concerta and as soon as it wore off around 5-6pm there came the migraine again!  & I obviously couldn't take the concerta or I'd be up all night. I am not switched to vyvanse but haven't tried it yet. If concerta did not cause migraines and anxiety then I would really recommend it."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been on Vyvanse for over a year, started at 20mg then 30,40,50 and decided 40mg was perfect for me. I am a college student and have always had undiagnosed ADHD. MY grades in high school were mostly C's and B's. After being on Vyvanse my grades went up. It was weird because I felt more over-stimulated Adderall type buzz/high feeling at 20 and 30mgs. I liked that feeling but I was having side effects like lack of sleep. I actually then upped my dose to 50mgs. Around that time I was holding 2 jobs and studying full time, 6 college classes. The 40 and 50mg actually made me feel more normal as if I wasn't taking anything except my mind was focused. I lacked side effects and everything was perfect. My grades are now 3.5GPA thanks to Vyvanse."
Review of Strattera: "My son began taking Strattera about 3 - 4 years ago.  He had a bad reaction to Adderal, so the doctor tried Strattera as a non-stimulant.  He first started 18 mg once a day, no noticeable change. Then increased over time to 50 mg once a day.  He wasn't defiant, but just didn't (doesn't) care to do much of anything.  4-6 weeks ago he started having "tics". Not putting the two together, last month his doctor increased to 60 mg a day and the tics have continued to get worse.   He's also been more depressed, having panic attacks, and anxiety.  He goes to school, but gets nothing done.  Went back to his doctor and she know has started taking him off this medication.  I hope the tics stop.  He's scared and this continues to add to his anxiety."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I too have gone through my whole life with undiagnosed ADHD and I have to say that I have lost so many years of my life both academically and personal. I've been recently diagnosed with ADHD and started Ritalin. I could not tolerate Ritalin. It made me feel like a zombie along with bad headaches. My MD switched me to Adderall and It has changed my life. I wish I would have sought help years ago but I was too embarrassed to seek mental health help. I've been on 30 mg per day of Adderall for 1.5 months now and its worked great except that I think this dose is too low as I have to split the 30 mg into two doses per day. 20 mg works great for me but the other 10 mg I have to take doesn't do much for me."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been on Vyvanse 30 mg for a year now and have had success taking it. I can work full time, have time management, take great care of my kids and keep my house clean. I sleep just fine at night. I do get irritable throughout the day if I don't eat. I feel nauseous and sick if I don't snack and stay hydrated. Hate to say it but it also worsens my anxiety slightly in the morning. Pros have outweighed the cons. As for weight loss I lost 7 pounds when I started taking it but have stayed at 130 pounds same weight for a year I am 5'5 and 28 years old. I feel healthy."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I am a 20 year old male, 175 lbs, and this was my first time taking ADD medication in my life. I have always had problems concentrating and get drowsy during the day and so have had problems doing homework/studying for college. I took 2 pills of 15mg capsules both at once at about 1pm. It was great. I was able to concentrate and do a huge amount of homework with out stopping. However, there were side effects. I couldn't stop chewing gum the whole time I was on it (or else I would grind my teeth). I couldn't eat anything and I ended up not being able to sleep all night. So I like the positives."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 33 and have struggled with ADHD for as long as I can remember.  I was prescribed Vyvanse for the first time 6 months ago.  I noticed a huge difference within just a couple days.  Unlike Ritalin and Adderall, I'm not moody and it actually works the entire day.  My focus and concentration has improved greatly and so has my quality of life.  The only drawbacks are that I've noticed a decreased appetite and usually it takes an hour or two to "kick in".  I don't take it on weekends to help avoid developing a tolerance (this was per my physician's advice) and I seem to be restless at night on days when I don't take it.  But overall, Vyvanse has helped me more than any other ADHD medication I've ever been on.  Strongly recommended!"
Review of Focalin XR: "I had a lot of success with Focalin.  I felt like my brain got turned off, which was a good thing! I could sit through my classes and actually get stuff done.  I stopped losing things and I got things done faster and with ease.  I lost weight, which was pretty cool.  I didn't have too many side effects that I can recall, except for the lack of appetite."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall is overall a good ADD medicine. The only side effects I get are insomnia and weight loss but it really does work for school."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My Son has been taking Vyvanse for about a year now 70mg but he was on other medications before this and although they helped, we had moved and the new doctor did not want to prescribe him anything but Vyvanse and after some research I actually found that Vyvanse is one of the best for ADHD. The only side effects he has had was loss of appetite and insomnia but he is taking something to help him sleep and he eats good in the morning before he takes his medicine just doesn't like eating lunch so I bribe him if he wants to go play games he must eat a snack just like an apple or something no more weight lose just a steady weight now. School has become so much easier for him with grades and the teachers see a great change in him. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "When my son couldn't swallow, the patch was the perfect alternative for his ADD. He never did have the hyperactivity. We used it for years but he developed a nasty allergic skin reaction to it and we had to stop using it. We miss the ease of it and the simplicity of the 8am-6pm use of it. By bedtime he was ready to sleep. With Concerta he has to take Benadryl to help him sleep. If only they could have fixed that problem"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I suffer from a fairly severe case of ADHD, and take 30 mg Adderall XR daily. Having been on this medication for quite a few years now and taking an almost 7 month break from Adderall, I've gained a better understanding of myself both on and off the drug. Adderall gives me a balance in every sense of the word. It helps me regulate my emotions, gives me the focus I lack, and allows me to feel whole inside. I also feel that it helps me with connecting to others. With impulsivity as a main symptom of my ADHD and one that gets me in a lot of trouble, Adderall helps me to be more mindful when I am communicating myself to the people that I care about. Aside from the mild appetite suppression, this drug really does wonders for people like me."
Review of Concerta: "I'm 20 i have been on concerta for 3 years.... before i was on everything else... every other medication was a emotional rollercoaster ride.... and i was  very angry before... now 5 years later.... i'm the happiest most confident person... graduated college with honors, and lead a "out of trouble" life!!! THANX CONCERTA"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I started out with 50 mg and then went to 70mg.  My blood pressure skyrocketed and I have always had low blood pressure.  My doctor took me off of this immediately.  "
Review of Evekeo: "I have to say I thought it would be like Adderall but it's really not. I read their study, yeah I'm a dork, but I remembering it saying different mixtures working different. If you are having problems with your current ADHD med talk to you doctor and get a 60 pill free trial."
Review of Vyvanse: "I've been on Vyvanse for a year. I take 50mg now and I wouldn't say it's a miracle drug, but over the past year I have attended more classes and gotten more consistent grades in university. I definitely have to put in the effort to experience the benefits; it's not motivation/focus-in-a-pill for me! The side effects I've experienced are increased anxiety, dry mouth, increased perfectionism, irritability, and some insomnia. Its impact on my mood varies. At first, my appetite decreased and I had terrible afternoon crashes, but they have levelled out over time. Overall, the pros outweigh the cons for me. I haven't tried anything except for Wellbutrin, which I still take. Not sure how they interact."
Review of Vyvanse: "I was only recently diagnosed with ADHA, in Australia this product is listed at a reduced price (pbs) at $31.00 (aud) sadly if you have been diagnosed over the age of 18 the price of vyvanse sits at $113 being over the age of 18 I have to pay full price, financially un-viable I had to research other products to see which product(s) were under the Australian pbs, the only product that is listed under the pbs for people diagnosed over 18 is dexamphetamine which I am about to start, if the product was more affordable I would not be changing over"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My sixteen year old son began taking 15mg of the generic Focalin and had great results, unfortunately the side effects are beginning to bother him after one year of successfully taking the medicine. It seems the gastrointestinal issues are making him weary and he has asked to discontinue the medicine despite the stellar grades. Hoping a switch to a lower dose may work."
Review of Guanfacine: "I just got diagnosed with ADHD and my doctor prescribed me this medication. She told me I can take up to 4mg a day, so I started myself off with 1mg. I didn't like it for the first few days because I have 4 kids a husband a full time job and I'm a part time student. I didn't like that this medicine was making me sleepy so I stopped taking it. My friend that takes the same meds and he has been taking it for some years and he told me the trick. He said take 1mg at night when it's your bed time, and it worked.Taking the meds right at bed time helps a lot so I won't be sleepy doing the day and then it only took the meds like 4/5 days to start working. When I say my brain is  working like a living scanner.A picture in my head for everything now."
Review of Adderall: "I knew I was different when I went to school. Being an only child I was very loved and cared for. I lived for the attention in kindergarten I knew I was not like everyone else it took me longer to learn things than others I wouldn't listen fully to instructions. I was so eager to please I fell over myself trying to prove things to be accepted I was outgoing and a class clown my mother always got notes home about me things like she doesn't sit still gets out of her seat talk talk talk I'm grown and my mother has passed away. My best friend therapist has shown me PTSD and ADHD, now I know who I am now."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been taking Vyvanse 4mg for a month and my productivity in my work and school have increased measurably. I have taken several different ADHD medicines through a period of several years, and Vyvanse is by far the most effective. It hasn't caused me any of the side effects caused by most ADHD medicines (paranoia, restlessness, agitation, lack of appetite). Of course these are just my experiences, but I would recommend Vyvanse to others."
Review of Concerta: "My 12 yr old son has been on Concerta ER for 9 months after switching from Metadate. He responds quite well to it and his grades are fantastic. He is much less mouthy on it... and rarely gets into trouble at school.  So far.. so good."
Review of Methylphenidate: "This is the only medication that helps my son function throughout the day without any out bursts."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "It was a good medicine for me."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been taking vyvanese for about 21 months. I have been taking 30 mg and will not up it. I am 63 and sought help after reading some blogs about older adults taking this to help focus and have more energy. I have never really taken any medication my whole life. I take it mainly on work days and if off or on vacation I generally don't take it. On this blog it sounds like a lot users have other issues. Anyways this medication has worked wonders for me, makes me more sociable, happy and able to continue concentrate. I work as an engineer. I follow my doctors recommendation in taking it first thing in the morning with food. It generally wears off about 4-5 pm, no sleep problem. I highly recommend for older adults but keep dose low."
Review of Atomoxetine: "In the 6th grade I missed two consecutive days, then took my pill as I would any other day. Throughout the day I felt terrible and eventually I went to the nurse. She took my heart rate and said it would've been okay if I had just sprinted a mile, but I had been sitting in class. She checked again 10 minutes later and my heart rate was slower than it should have been at a resting state. She called my parents and I went to the doctor immediately. I had to be hooked up to machines and monitored. The nurse said I was lucky not to have a heart attack that day. I've been scared of Stratera/Adderall/Ritalin ever since."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Having tried so many other drugs for this has been extremely difficult and disheartening.  Vyvanse is a GAME CHANGER!!"
Review of Methamphetamine: "I took the tablets after being on all forms of Dexedrine, Ritalin, Adderral, etc. It had no side effects, but was not as big a deal as it is made out to be. Dextroamphetamine spansules (brand SKF) are far more effective and long-lasting for ADHD, which I've dealt with."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My seven year old boy started Daytrana patch 10mg one month ago, for his ADHD. There has been almost immediate improvement. He became focused, talks less to imaginary friends and is actually learning in school. I was terrified to start him on drugs but it came down to what was important my fear of drugs or his well being. The patch works well for him, no side effects observed and hopefully we keep him on the lowest dose available."
Review of Methylin: "Wow this stuff. There are pros and cons. Pros are for the first time something used to treat my ADHD doesn't mess up my personality. I still feel like the same person and I'm still very sociable but I'm focused at the same time. Cons are that 10mg for me isn't enough.... neither is 20mg. "
Review of Concerta: "I have mainly taken 36 mg doses of Concerta from middle school through 25 years old. I start the morning with 10 mg Ritalin then take Concerta 3-3.5 hrs later. Due to its appetite suppression, I come home weak from hunger after 9 hrs of work, but my mental focus keeps me going and I get irritable if something gets in my way. If I give in to my weakness, I will slump on the couch and think about all the things I need to do. I never fully rest mentally, though it alleviates some of the hyperactivity. I have severe ADHD that affects my friendships, marriage, and helpfulness. My aunt switched to Adderall from this because it helps you initiate tasks, which Concerta doesn't. I will try Vyvanse, which is extended release Adderall."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I actually have ADD. This medication gives me energy, helps me focus, and aids in retention of information. It is a vital part of my daily performance."
Review of Ritalin: "Took Ritalin when I was first diagnosed with ADHD. Because I was older (20's) and taking such a high dosage (60 mg morning, 60 mg afternoon, 20 mg late day) they changed me to a more sustained release drug.  "
Review of Mydayis: "Mydayis works great if you are on the right dose.  I noticed some people on here are not getting the right strength when converting from Vyvanse or Adderall. To the person whos doctor switched you from 70 of Vyvanse to 25mg of Mydayis - your getting less medication! Thats why its not working for you. You should be taking 50mg. You will notice a  BIG difference!"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 5. My parents stopped medication a few years later. I was re-evaluated at as 25 and given Focalin XR. I have been on it for 8 years and have nothing but great things to say about it. I feel focused and in control when on it. When I'm off it, time drags by and I can't seem to finish anything. I haven't experienced many side effects. Periodically have less of an appetite and occasionally clinch my teeth but other than that, all is well."
Review of Adderall: "Has helped me focus and I have motivation to do work . But the crash sucks , unless you have Valium or xanax"
Review of Vyvanse: "My son is 12 and uses Vyvanse 50mg. I have seen a big difference in his behavior and attitude. We tried quite a few other ADHD prescriptions but this one is a miracle."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm a 24 year old female who was diagnosed with ADD last July. I've been on Ritalin, Adderall and now Vyvanse. I started off on Vyvanse 30 mg about a month ago. It didn't do a thing for me. My doctor upped my dosage to 50 mg a little over a week ago. Since then things haven't been too pretty. My mind is clear, which is great but I'm completely unmotivated to do anything. I don't want to clean. I don't want to leave my house. I don't want to do anything. I feel exhausted. I guess it's like a zombie like state that I wouldn't mind if I didn't have a child and a house to care for. I'm hoping my doctor will switch me to Adderall XR. I've always lacked energy and this definitely isn't helping."
Review of Adderall: "I've taken Adderall for 2 years. The first 6 months, worked very well. Balanced me out, kept me focused & side effects were minimal. But, the efficiency of Adderall has really gone down in my experience. I often find myself hyper focusing on things I don't need to & the side effects have gotten much worse. Insomnia, horrible dry mouth (= more cavities), I get antsy & shaky at times & I also feel I've become dependent on it. Next doctors appointment, I will be asking to switch out to something else. Its a good medicine at first, but understand that many of the great reviews are likely written by newer Adderall users."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have an 8 yr old son who has ADHD. He has tried several medications including Adderall and Vyvanse. Nothing has worked as well as Strattera for him. He's a new kid. So much happier. He used to have severe mood swings with the Vyvanse, although it did control his ADHD fairly well for about 5-6 hrs after he took it. Strattera has been a big help regaining some normalcy in his life. He is only on 10 mg daily for the last 3-4 weeks but it has made a very noticeable difference. I have not seen any negative side effects from it, and he is actually eating on it. Thank you Strattera."
Review of Concerta: "My son is 10 years old. I suspected he had ADD when he was 6 and the teacher kept telling me he was spacing out in school, but he is also so smart I decided maybe the work was just too easy and he was bored. In 4th I couldn't take the complaints (almost daily)and had him tested and he was diagnosed with ADD and given Concerta. I can only tell you that his math teacher sent me home a note on the day he started medication to ask where I got my new son from, she could not believe it. She said he even went in during his lunch break to catch up on some work. He lost his appetite for the first week or so, but regained it and hasn't had trouble sleeping at all. He is happier, his teachers are happier and I am HAPPIER! Thank You CONCERTA."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD (predominantly inattentive) two years ago. I tried to all kinds of non-medication treatments: tutors, 504 Plan, psychotherapy, meditation, Omega-3, diet, patience, love, encouragement, bribery... everything I could think of, but his grades continued to decline. He was finally prescribed 18mg of Concerta. By the end of the 1st week he was acing his tests and his teacher said she finally has a student to teach and not just a body. The change is amazing. Slight decrease in appetite and the first couple of days it affected his sleep. Other than that, no side-effects."
Review of Ritalin: "I had taken every form of Ritalin while in elementary and junior high school it helped me focus but I felt like a zombie and my mom always felt like it was not really me. I was always angry when I would start to come down from it at night so in high school I started taking Aderrall and it was such a great change."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Having been recently diagnosed with ADD at the age of 31, I would have to say that stimulant therapy has been a God send! My doctor first prescribed Ritalin-SR, and I felt it was not as effective as it could be, so she changed my prescription to Adderall-XR 20 mg and I feel it is working. I feel more focused at work with better concentration. I don't procrastinate as often as I have (my entire life), but one unexpected result of the therapy is I no longer feel irritable and short-tempered! I also don't feel frustrated as much as I used too. My staff and co-workers have noticed the difference and have told me they don't feel the need to "walk on egg-shells" around me! So in summation, Adderall is certainly doing the trick!"
Review of Vyvanse: "Was placed on Vyvanse after extreme weight loss on Adderall. Started at 20mg, upped to 40mg, then upped to 40mg 2x a day. I got my appetite back, but the medication really did nothing else for me. I went into rages and had huge anger problems for no reason. Anything could set me off! I could barely sleep or focus at work/school. Basically, I gained back the weight I had lost, but everything else sucked. I couldn't make it more than 6 months, my doctor switched me to Adderall XR."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Ive been on strattera for 5 days now, 40mg in the morning and 200mg of wellbutrin sr 2x day for depression. So far I think for me its been good. Only side effects are tiredness during the day, headaches, and loss of appetite. I believe the worst of the side effects happen in the first month of use so to id like to try 80mg in a month to see how i do on that amount. More irritable at times threw out the day but since I know that can be a side effect I try to control my mood when I notice it becoming bad. Ive not taken it on its own so i dont know if thats why I am doing good on it, wellbutrin and strattera together but so far so good."
Review of Ritalin: "Racing heart and head rushes when you first start taking the medicine... It was my life saver for high school and college and even now through life.. I can actually accomplish things in an orderly fashion."
Review of Strattera: "My 8 year old son has ADHD and was put on this medication. Well the entire family thinks it's the best thing for him. We notice right away if he hasn't taken his medicine, as soon as he wakes up. It didn't really help calm him down, but more helps him focus clearly. We have seen a drastic change in school as well. I would tell anyone who has ADHD about it."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was taking Generic Adderall 10 mg twice a day. I took it for a month and had a number of side effects that disappeared over time, except for 2 of them, increased excessive urination and stomach problems. So my doctor switched me to Adderall XR 20 mg. The side effects are pretty much gone so far, I have been getting sour stomach, but I started a pretty good probiotic - 9 strains 50 billion bacteria- and it's helped some. I've been on the xr for 3 days now. I can't say much for it being consistently effective though, it's also much more subtle as far as focus/concentration goes, and it seems to wear off much sooner than its supposed to, though it's hard to tell. I experience no crash at all. It's definitely much gentler than the IR version."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "This was the 6th medication that my 6 yo son tried. Loved Daytrana, but the rashes were terrible and it took forever to kick in. Hated Focalin. He had no better of an appetite on it and most importantly, even though his symptoms were not resolved, he was a zombie on the lowest dosage - hyperfocused, irritable, NO sense of humor (and this is the kid that was always called "a one man show" in school). On to number 7 now...."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My son(11) was put on 10mg of Focalin for ADHD.  We have been trying different meds to treat his ADHD without making his anxiety/trichotillomania worse.  This med by far was the worse!  It did seem to help at school for focus, but he had extreme rage issues.  It got so bad that we called the police to find out what our options were if he were to actually hurt us or his little sister.  He never hurt us, but did break a window, the screen door, and throw objects.  Needless to say, we stopped the meds and thankfully we have our sweet son back (although he can't focus and is annoying to other kids in his class).  Please beware of mood changes with this drug."
Review of Ritalin: "There are some things I love about this medicine, like my ability to focus and get things done. But I really hate the side effect of having no appetite because I'm skinny to begin with. It also increases my heart rate which can make my feel anxious. It also gives me diarrhea which my doctor said does happen to some people. It's super effective, but I wish I could get rid of those side effects. may be better for people who do not need to focus 12 hours a day like I do because I require 3 doses a day."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 19 year old college student and just got prescribed Vyvanse about 2 days ago. When I take it I mainly feel relaxed and sometimes excited. I've never been on any stimulant or ADD medication before. My main concern is losing weight on this medicine. I'm about 5'9" and weigh about 135lbs. I eat a lot and I'm still fairly skinny. I've always worried about my weight and the last thing I want is to get skinnier."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 49 and I've been taking Vyvanse for three years.  It does help somewhat, but it only last about five to six hours, probably less than that.  I'm taking 20mg, which I think is too low, but my provider refuses to raise the dosage."
Review of Vyvanse: "Good. Concentration, happy, easy to talk toBad: ECG showed it was bad for my heart, had to stop. Anxiety, afraid and didn't know why. Although it made me happy it felt fake and like I was a prisoner in my mind just  pleasing others. I won't take it to please others. Meds basically free in my country after reaching over $300 cause third highest tax paying country in the world."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall has been a blessing to me. I take 30mg twice a day and my thinking has become so much more clear. I am now able to pay attention and absorb what is going on around me. I have had no negative side effects except for an occasional night where it might take me an extra 30 minutes to fall asleep. I still have a healthy appetite since taking Adderall. This medicine has made my life so much better."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was on the name brand adderall 20mg twice a day for years untill my pharmacist switched me the the BARR generic brand and now I'm having horrible mood swings, very irritable, can't seem to sleep at night and after my first dose in the morning I have a horrible come down that lasts all day and it doesn't matter if i take another pill or even two, they won't give me and energy or concentration!! This is the worst generic brand out there!! And I looked it up tons of people have the exact same issues with the BARR generic brand!! Make sure if your getting the generic that you ask you pharmacist if he or shes going to give you the barr brand cause you need to go to a different pharmacy!!!! Worthless horrible stuff!!!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Been on Adderall XR for a week and I can tell a huge difference in my daily life. I was prescribed 20mg once a day. I am 35 years old and I believe I have always suffered from untreated ADHD. My only complaint is with no insurance it is a fairly expensive medication but so far well worth the cost."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "This medication should be the #1 choice that doctors prescribe their patients. I have taken Concerta, Ritalin, Adderall XR, but none seem to work as well as Vyvanse, and with as little side effects. Your confidence, mood and energy may dramatically increase with Vyvanse, it truly is a magnificent medication."
Review of Strattera: "I have had ADD all my life. Starting in 5th grade, my psychiatrist put me on Concerta. I didn't eat well and I didn't grow for almost three years. When my doctor expressed concern, I was switched to Strattera. I am now a senior in high school, and have been on Strattera for five years. I haven't noticed any side effects and it has truly been a blessing in my life."
Review of Adderall XR: "I just recently started taking Adderall XR and even though my doctor and I are still trying to find the right dose I have already noticed a major difference. Since I've started taking it I've been able to get lost in books for the first time because I can actually focus without having to make myself. I have noticed a decrease in appetite but it seems more like a newly developed aversion to high calorie foods and I'm wondering if that's not because of the added stimulation from the carbohydrates. Either way I think it's important for everyone to remember there is no magic pill and in order to get the best results you have to change your lifestyle too. Like making sure to get 8 hours of sleep and eat foods high in fiber and cut back on sugar."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was diagnosed with ADHD a little less than a year ago at the age of 12. At first, I loved it because it helped me get so much work done and I stopped getting in trouble and annoying people. After about one month I started realizing that I wasn't eating because the medicine was destroying my appetite, and I liked it. I started using the drug more for weight loss than anything and I went from a happy, bubbly 115 lbs to a lifeless 95 lbs. at 5ft8in, that's severely underweight and unhealthy. I kept taking the medicine but I became increasingly more depressed and anxious. I was an outcast but I was too obsessed with losing weight to care. After the school year finished, I took a break from the medicine and I am now a happy, healthy 13yr old."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been slowly taking increasing doses of Vyvanse for recently diagnosed ADD.  I've been on this particular stimulant for probably 6 months.  I was increased from 50 to 60mg a week ago and am havging trouble w/ Insomnia, but will wait and see if it goes away.  This is life changing for me as for the first time I was actually fired from a job I had for 9 years right after finding out my work issues were largely do to ADD, even though I advised them of my condition and that I would be improving.  I am in a new job with an employer who is much more caring and I'm doing better now that I have found a medication to help me.  By far positives of this medication outweight the negatives."
Review of Vyvanse: "It is a good medicine. Helps in school. Although I am concerned because my son is very pettie and he doesn't have regular appetites. I read the side effects and it said that this medication can slow down growth. My son has a big issue about his height. Beside all of that he start taking Vyvanse after I took him off Adderall XR and it's a BIG difference in his attitude."
Review of Amphetamine: "I'm on day 2 of adzenys.I like that I take it once.  But the texture is gritty once dissolved. It's a dissolvable pill so what do you expect? I do experience dry mouth and slight decrease in appetite but it's nothing serious. My doctor started me on a pediatric dose of 6.3 milligrams once a day. Another problem I see is that I'm having a hard time falling asleep. It could be because I take the medication around 11 o'clock in the morning but that's the time I get up. So it's honestly too early for me to tell.we will see once I get a routine going and school starts again."
Review of Vyvanse: "Great and helps pay attention but if you take a high dose (30mg or more) it can give really severe headaches. Drinking caffeinated drinks may help reduce it."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son is now 13, and has been using Concerta the past 2 years. Was working great, went from doing homework until 12-1:00 am to finished before I got home from work.  Concentrated more and was overall happier with himself and his achievements. Around November he had started having trouble sleeping and eating and was acting different. I guess since he turned 13 and puberty is starting to set in it wasn't working for him anymore so we are changing medications. I do recommend this medicine though, while it worked, it was great."
Review of Adderall: "Works well. Be sure not to take in evening or night just in the morning and noon though, because it will cause sleeplessness."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son started on Concerta about a year ago. It has transformed his life.  I don't like giving medicine but I have tried absolutely everything else - swimming, brain gymnastics etc.. nothing really helped.  He is naturally bright but just couldn't concentrate - particularly when it came to classroom work and focusing on a project involving writing.  The transformation has been incredible. He had an excellent school report in every area.  His teachers are thrilled, he is confident and happy and enjoys school. He doesn't take Concerta in the holidays or at weekends and manages fine going back on it on a Monday morning.  Only one side effect which is lack of appetite. We ensure he goes to school with a good breakfast and then he has a huge meal when he gets home."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 6 yo son was only on this 10 days before yanking him off of it. The first day he ate almost nothing, threw up by 5pm and was awake at least 3 hours after putting him to bed. That day and the next few days he talked incessantly and had dry mouth, but his ability to attend in school was a little better but only for maybe 4 hours tops. By the last 3 days, it was making him worse. He was very irritable and was literally bouncing off the walls, and made his impulsiveness even worse. He was crawling on the floor, biting his nails wildly, licking things...you name it. This was a kid that most other people never even knew had issues, but within a week on Vyvanse, he was definitely acting wild."
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvanse has changed my life. I went from being a failing student to having grades above 90% in only a few weeks. These past 3 1/2 weeks have been the most productive weeks of my life. However, this med does come with a down side. Some side effects I experienced have been loss of appetite, dry mouth, trouble staying asleep, as well as some minor OCD. The OCD is really the only side effect that has been bothering me, when I have paper in front of me and I'm writing, I will constantly keep erasing what I wrote and writing it back down until it looks perfect which I've never done before in my life. As for social anxiety, I actually feel more confident going outside, my brain feels slowed down when working, and I don't zone out any more. 9.5/10"
Review of Atomoxetine: "Recently diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 22, and am a full time college student with difficulties getting my responsibilities and homework assignments done. Started on 40mg once a day with instructions to bump up to twice a day after 3 days if I needed. I refused to bump up because of the crappy effects. I know some people have had great results with this drug, but I was not one of them. The only positive thing I noticed was the ability to tune out outside noises and distractors, but those distractions your own head puts out are still there. Side effects: complete revulsion to food, sluggish and lethargic, lack of motivation or enthusiasm, and EXTREME irritability. By the 5th day, I refused to take it."
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvanse has changed my life in the best way! It's almost like a motivation pill.  I can spend 12 hours in the library at a time studying, with little distractions. I made a 4.0 my first semester of college. I used to always want to work hard and study but could never quite pull it together, and with Vyvanse I can! The only downside is the dehydration. Remember to drink lots of water or you will get headaches!"
Review of Ritalin: "I felt very groggy and out of it for while on this drug, I felt like I could barely form a thought and had great difficulty interacting with people while on it. I had no feelings, no emotions it felt like if I had to choose an emotion it would be disoriented."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Ok so I'm 18 I'm have been taking these for a little under a year and it keeps you very attentive  specially because I have school and after school  activities along with homework.  It does help you focus although it suppresses my appetite a little too much I try to force myself to eat but it  seems like I can't. I have a loss about 25 pounds and went from a size 8 to a 4 in jeans because of this medication. I don't know if anyone else experienced this but it won't allow me to keep food or fluids in my system I continue to run to the bathroom all night and all day sometimes even at four in the morning. But for the most part it's a good product for what it's used for."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been taking Vyvanse for a couple of months now for my ADHD and BED, 40 mg seems to work fine with minimal side effects. My doctor recommended that I only take it on work days and give my system a break on weekends. However, I noticed that my binge eating has gotten way out of control on days that I don't take it, to make up for the loss of appetite during the week I guess. I mean, I eat constantly!  Is anyone else having this problem?"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Very effective in treating ADHD."
Review of Vyvanse: "It's been good so far. Doctor put me from 30 to 40 mg. we will see how I feel in about two weeks when I see him again ."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I started taking methylphenidate six years ago, when I was eleven. I started at 20MG a day in the morning, with food. When I started taking it, I was informed about the side effects and I knew one of them was weight loss. When I was 11 I was about 5'6" and 125 pounds. I ended up losing about 20 pounds in the first 3 months of taking methylphenidate. The doctors tested my blood for celiac disease which came back negative. (Turned positive three years later in my stomach.) The doctors came to their conclusion that my weight loss was a side effect of taking methylphenidate. That was the only bad experience taking methylphenidate, I'm still on it, now at 40MG in the morning, with food."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have to say that this has been a great drug that has done so many good things for my Granddaughter that I have adopted. She is 7 years old with ADHD.  She was so unhappy and would even tell me that she knew something wasn't right and wanted to be a good kid like the ones in her class room. She was in tears and asking for help. This is the first drug for her ADHD and it has worked great! Some side effect not eating and not sleeping good at night. But over all this drug has work great so far."
Review of Wellbutrin XL: "I am a college student who was having the hardest time concentrating while reading and writing. While reading my thoughts would take me away from the material in a matter of seconds, and while writing I would usually forget the end of the sentence of which I was writing before I got to it. After taking this medicine, 150mg once a day, for a couple months, I began experiencing a marked difference. I was finally able to be absorbed in my reading and could hold my thoughts while writing in a way I had never done before. However, recently I feel like the effects are wearing off. I am beginning again to not be able to pay attention while reading and writing. Perhaps moving up to 300mg will sustain the effects."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son is 13 yrs old and has been on Concerta for a couple of months for ADD.  He is doing great on it.  He is able to focus and his grades are back to A's and B's.  One thing I like about this medicine is that he is not losing weight on it.  He still has a great appetite.  The first two weeks his appetite was affected a little but now back to normal.  I would recommend this medication.  I even get positive feedback from his school."
Review of Adzenys XR-ODT: "I have taken Adderall 30 mg XR for a little over a year along with a 10 mg boost needed after lunch to get my attention and motivation going. Since it only helps a little to calm my thoughts down and only jump from starting 3 tasks instead of 5 and slowed my thoughts down a little bit the Dr thought to try this new medication Adzenys XR 15.7 mg. Started it 6 days ago and it does nothing for me. I have zero motivation to many thoughts are swimming around. also have a constant headache for the majority of the morning and dull one later and then a crash at midday. at least with Adderall my motivation was great, I thought about a few things at the same time instead of being bombarded and no crash."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Started Concerta 5 weeks ago. Started with a "pediatric" dose (I'm almost 40) and worked up to 54mg. LOVE that I can finally focus and finish tasks, work is getting completed, my lists are getting checked off, and I'm making it to appointments on time. THEN...2 weeks ago, slight insomnia started to get worse, and minor anxiety..thought it was various life issues I was dealing with. Tonight..I'm dealing with severe insomnia and anxiety so bad I can barely sit and research my problem. I have a check up with my Dr in 2 weeks, I'm calling tomorrow to get in sooner. I'm very upset as it solved my ADD problems and thought I started a new life...I do not want to start the trial and error roller coaster all over."
Review of Ritalin: "I wanted to update about my medication.  I am now 20 mg.  of Ritalin twice daily and 50 mg.  of Zoloft generic once daily.  Having suffered bipolar depression, PTSD, ADD/ADHD throughout different periods throughout my life.  I also Borderline/Mild General Learning Disability a labeling in terms that is least offensive to Mild Mental Retardation or Borderline/Mild Intellectual Disability.  In my case the GLD is extremely least severe in slightest degree.  Ritalin actually works very well for me while Zoloft treats the anxiety, depression, and some mild obsessive compulsive behavioral thoughts but nothing extreme severe or seriousness.  In some people depending DNA, generics how medication effects the individual might be very different, etc."
Review of Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: "It helped with the ADHD and helped my son to focus better."
Review of Focalin XR: "This has been a God send. I have Executive Functioning issues with possible undiagnosed ADD and I have tried many, many different prescriptions (Adderall, Concerta, Meditate, Vyvanse) and none have worked nearly as well as Focalin. The ones listed above put a lot of load/pressure on my brain. It's hard to explain but it was not pleasant. On Focalin I am much more attentive and there's no body load. Others also cut my appetite significantly and kept me awake at night. While Focalin still cuts my appetite some, I am able to go to sleep when I need too. 10/10 but remember just because it worked for me doesn't mean it's going to for you. I suggest trying them all and seeing which one has the best synergy with your body."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son is 5 1/2. We've always noticed his short attention span, impulsiveness, always in trouble. Last year he started preschool, he to has a July birthday. His teacher asked if I had considered holding him back. We decided not to. Kindergarten has been a roller coaster. We started seeing his pediatrician about a month into school. He was in time out everyday distracting the class, loud outbursts, not able to sit still. Now it is March he's been taking Metadate 20mg for about 3 months, his report cards has improved about 80%. Although it does wear off around 2 or 3 in the afternoon we can really see a difference in school. I still am interested in investigating other avenues. Overall my son has shown a significant improvement."
Review of Methylphenidate: "About the only form of a stimulant that works without a crash. This medication does help my to start and stay on a task until finished. It also stops the endless chatter in my head, known as ruminating thoughts. This medication also helps me to sleep and at times will put me to sleep"
Review of Daytrana: "My 7 year old son has been on the 15mg patch going on his 4th month now and it has been a God send. He went from a C and D student at the start of the school year to an almost straight A student at the end. I have found that if I use adhesive remover and out a little lotion on the site after removal it manages the irritation. It definitely affects his appetite but no more so than any of the other medications that he has been on. Night and Day difference for us."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I am an 18 year old female with ADHD and my doctor just switched me from vyvanse 30mg to taking focalin 10mg XR and I absolutely hate it. Vyvanse worked for me but would make me bite my lip often in class which was very odd, but something I could work with...Focalin makes me socially anxious (keep in mind I am the most social and extroverted girl), jittery, and worry about random things. I am going to doctor tomorrow after taking it for 2 days and going back to vyvanse."
Review of Ritalin: "I've been on and off this medication for a few years now. I have mixed feelings towards it. The first 30 minutes to an hour of taking it , I feel a rush and a feeling of I can do anything. That rush motivates me to go to the gym actually. After the rush is gone I feel more focused and alert. After the alerteness has warn off I feel moody and irritable. I'm very aware it's the medication making me on edge and try to control it. I get a bit headachy sometimes and it bothers my stomach from time to time. Always hungry? Not on this medication. Appetite gone, at least for a while until the next pill. Make sure to eat!I would say this medication is addictive and would not recommend it to anyone that has an addiction problem."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son age 12) has been on this medication for 2 1/2 weeks now.He was on Dexedrine,which we felt was doing very well on his focus which gave him better grades,but it lacked in controlling  impulsive behavior. We see a noticeable difference in this issue with Vyvance 30mg.once a day. The only thing that we do notice clearly is lack of appetite at supper time and you can actually tell when his medication has worn off. His undesirable behavior is back) also becomes fidgety."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Struggled with life at home, at work, with relationships. I have never taken stimulants, and I had anxiety and ADHD. Straterra has changed my life. Anxiety - goneAttention - noticeably improved.This is a medication you have to be patient with.  1st 2 weeks - felt like I was going to pass out of pure exhaustion, constipation, felt zero improvement (40mg.)3rd week - anxiety amazingly disappeared  (60mg.). - Realized my confusion was in fact anxiety  (not lack of intelligence). - Job performance - started seeing noticeable improvement to the point to where I was amazing myself. - Obsessive thoughts - gone- Can sit in my seat for longer periods of time and easily tackle many tasks like it's a piece of cake!- Handle stress with ease"
Review of Vyvanse: "I am so happy with vyvanse. It has made my life so good, I listen better, I can focus on tasks. I feel even more upbeat about life no serious worrying and has slowed me down to see life better, I am so blessed for this new medicine."
Review of Adderall: "Changed my life."
Review of Focalin XR: "My son was diagnosed at 4 and has been through almost all the drugs for ADHD which would typically fail because of side effects ie zombie out or hypersensitivity and the simplest things would make him cry.  He has been diagnosed by two of the biggest and best known hospitals for children (2 separate occassions) with the 0.001% extreme ADHD and let me tell you Focalin has been a God sent.  He is 10 now, on Focalin xr 25mg, his grades are up, left and right compliments from teachers that usually had complaints, no reported behavioural issues yet. Only small downside is appetite suppression. Big healthy meal before the med, small high cal snacks after school and dinner, big healthy dinner and you're set. While on meds can't even tell he has ADHD!"
Review of Concerta: "So far so good. I've been taking the medicine for about 2 weeks now and I definitely like it better than other medicines I've been on."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been on ADD meds off and on for about 10 years. I'm 33 and before Vyvance I had tried Concerta and Adderrall. While the other two were ok, they did not benefit me nearly as much as Vyvance. In one semester I went from making a 50 on a College Algebra test to making a 100% on the comprehensive final. My professor said he had never seen anything like it, someone going from a 50 to 100. For the first time in my life I remembered to pay bills on time, I don't forget about the clothes in the washer for days, or forget to turn off the stove. I feel so much more accomplished!!"
Review of Adderall: "It makes you feel very energetic and makes you want to accomplish everything and it makes you very interested in stuff going on with yourself. It keeps you awake and very alert and you feel like you are on top of the world."
Review of Evekeo: "Love this med to help me stay awake to study."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been taking concerta for the past five months. When I first began taking it, I would get headaches and appetite problems, but those side effects dissapeared after about three weeks on it. Concerta has not only improved the amount of work I'm able to accomplish, its improved my self esteem as well. I no longer feel as shy and cluttered as I did before I started taking concerta. I like that it lasts throughout the entire work day, so I don't have to worry about redosing. Overall, concerta has been a very positive experience for me."
Review of Adderall XR: "I've been taking Adderall XR 25mg going on my 4 month. It has helped me tremendously! I'm more focused and alert now. I don't feel as drawn out like I used too. I'm also on anxiety medicine taking both helps balance myself.  I have a hard time wanting to eat since I've started taking Adderall, a lot of times I have to force myself to eat, but it has helped me lose 25 pounds!!! I find myself grinding my teeth a lot not sure why, but that's the worse side effect I experience from taking it. I feel more healthy now than I have in a long time, I will continue taking this medication."
Review of Ritalin: "Have to say wow!  It helps low energy depression and works well with most SSRIs and some low dose SNRIs.  Life feels exciting again and it offsets SSRI sexual side effects.  Works fast and well.  Main problem is that it wears off in a few hours so you need to dose multiple times a day.  It causes you to sweat a little more and be a little more irritable than usual but it is really a great med to help depression.  It is much different and better than Wellbutrin for sure even though both are NDRI's.  Check out the research on stimulants for depression and bipolar depression.  Going to try Provigil now for a more even energy/mood boost.  But I may be back to this."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 6 yrs old and pretty much just learned to deal with it until age 14. When I started 8th grade, my parents put me on the meds and I absolutely love it! I'm so much more successful! Plus I feel better about myself as a person. I don't know how I went all those years without it. Its definitely made my life better."
Review of Strattera: "while taking strattera it didn't really help with my ADHD but it did cause unwanted nausea and once I reached my target 80mg dose I began to get extremely hot then started to sweat a lot and finally threw up the strattera."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My daughter has ADHD and has tried every medication out there. Most did nothing but once we tried Daytrana Patches that was exactly what she needed.  Her grades improved as well as her concentration and her attitude. I am so thankful that we found the patch. She has used Daytrana for the last eight years. Even though she is 22 now, it is still a very important tool to help her focus in her last year of college. Organization, planning, study habits and everything else that goes out the window with ADHD is a new way of life and much more pleasant all the way around. Daytrana helps my daughter reach her potential and stay focused. She does have some redness from the patch but she would forget to take a pill everyday."
Review of Vyvanse: "I was diagnosed with ADD in forth grade, however my doctor decided to just have the school put me on a learning program, (504 Plan). Throughout the years, I started to develop depression, agitation, severe anxiety and OCD. I had tried EVERY anti-depressant, and they had all failed. My PCP started me on benzos, which helped a little. I decided it was time to go see a mental health physician assistant. She went over all my symptoms and she immediately realized that I had been mis-diagnosed and the PCP had me on about 5-6 medications. She started me on Vyvance 40 MG and my life has forever changed. I am generally very happy, and able to function, went from severe anxiety to mild, which is helped with Valium. I recommend Vyvance!"
Review of Evekeo: "18 year old college female. I've been medicated for 4 years now and tried concerta (which was hell) and Vyvanse (the devils drug). Evekeo was amazing at first kind of similar to Vyvanse and then it went downhill. Whereas on Vyvanse I just wouldn't eat and was depressed and spacey, this one didn't have side effects like that. But after awhile it made me incredibly mean, and didn't seem to take away the verbal impulse side of the hyperactivity. I'm normally an incredibly happy person but when I'm on this medicine I'm a bitch to whoever over whatever for no reason at all. It did help with the focusing though."
Review of Vyvanse: "Horrible effects on teeth. My teeth are literally falling out and disentergrating!  I am scheduled to have full mouth implants."
Review of Focalin: "Best thing out there for my son that is now 10 years old. We have tried several others medicine with no help. Thank God for focal in he is a new boy!"
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "miracle drug for me, with a few downsides, but positives outweigh negatives by a long shot. I was chronically tired, no motivation, lazy, and not very social.also had a short temper, anxiety, trouble concentrating and connecting with people. When I take this it reverses all of those. I become productive, talkative, happy, relaxedwith energy at the same time, an incredible amount of mental/physical energy, and more control over my emotions. I've been taking it for close to a year now after switching from adderall because of the tweaky side effects. This stuff makes me feel great plain and simple, and hasn't changed after a year.downfalls: physical dependence. A day without it is terrible. And I love to drink but not good to drink on it"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I had my college finals coming up and I couldn't get myself to concentrate so I got my doctor to prescribe it for me. I was able to concentrate but the thing is, I have a lot of anxiety, and by taking these pills, it just makes everything much worse. I got really anxious and upset at the end of each exam, even if I knew I did well. I never had this type of behaviour before taking the pills."
Review of Adderall: "Great medicine for motivation and getting your life in order. Thoughts are clearer now and I am wondering what my life would have been like if I started the therapy sooner. Have been taking 70mg daily for approx. 7 months. One drawback I have experienced is occasional impulsive behavior linked I believe to over confidence."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "tried adderall, ritalin, etc.  since I have co-morbid anxiety they made me "tweek".  Very anxiety provoking.  Dexadrine, however, proved to be the exception.  It's feel is more relaxed and focused.  I take less of my Klonipan and Xanax because of the feeling of control and the ablitly to finish tasks.  I am glad I researched and suggested it to my doctor, who by the way now is a believer in dexedrine for patients who do not respond to adderall and ritalin."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My son 13 has Strattera for almost a year.  Starting from 10mg for a month, 20 mg for a month, 30 mg for 3 months,  40mg for 6 months then 50mg for now.  The only side effect is dry mouth.  Everything else is good, he can make friends and focus in class.  However, I still think Strattera is not a magic pill.  Combining both medication and behaviour modification works best for our ADHD children.   Lots of love and acceptance are the best remedy,"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Im 40, and have been on every milligram of adderall, and onset level. They can and will dehydrate you cause headaches, anxiety and irritability.BECAUSE YOU'RE OVER DOING OR MISUSING IT! Why are you surprised, your Dr.  hopefully warned you about the side effects,so did the pharmacy as they stapled that huge pamphlet of documents on that little white bag,describing and warning you...amphetamines are strong. So use them right, because they are very beneficial....for us that truly need them."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm a 40 yr old female and I've been on several different medicines before Vyvanse. I have now been on Vyvanse for about 6 months (100mg )and it has by far been the best. I even had my 14 yr. old son switched to it and he's doing better also. He has been on several that have worked for awhile then stopped. At first you might feel a little strange, but that goes away within a couple weeks. If you have this, I highly recommend trying this."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm diagnosed bipolar, depression and adhd.Vyvanse 20mg- Started: started three days ago- Purpose: to aid in energy and focus to help me breakthrough crippling apathy- Impact: So far Vyvanse has been very effective at helping me to return to more normal functioning. Its impact on my mood has been mixed, although I can now do things which is nice, underneath there is still a layer of boredom.- Side Effects: Mild and fleeting anxiety about three hours after taking and again as it wears off in the evening- Future: Very effective, I hope to increase my dose to 30mg and stay there. I think that would be the ideal dose for aiding me in breaking through my boredom."
Review of Daytrana: "I'm eighteen and I've had ADD all my life, though I'm only now trying medication for it.  Daytrana helped me a little, but my dosage was too low.  I started out on the 10mg patch.  The biggest issue with it was weight loss.  Now, let me begin by saying that before the appointment where I was diagnosed, I had just eaten lunch.  Shortly after starting Daytrana, I caught a cold that lasted about two weeks, recovered, then caught another two-week cold.  I did notice that I was less hungry while using the patch.  Didn't eat breakfast before my checkup,  My weight went from 120 to 114 lbs.  Doctor took me off Daytrana and switched me to Stratera, which has been a nightmare.  While on Daytrana, I felt more awake, but not necessarily more focused."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I absolutely love Dexedrine! It doesn't give me the crash that adderall has and it really keeps me focused on the tasks at hand. I was able to throughly apply for a gig and landed it and I wonder if I would on the alternatives.I hear they're trying to rid away of Dexedrine to switch over to Vyvance but since that drug has no generic and the two are about 99% similar I'm guessing it is more for profit reasoning. I'm telling everyone switch over you won't regret it. 1 15mg er/day should be the max for those considering  switching. I read somewhere on here a doc prescribed about 100mg which is too much and the reasoning for your manic state. Go for trusted generic brands like Sandoz and Mallinkrodt. Teva IS THE WORST. "
Review of Adderall XR: "I was diagnosed with ADHD 6 years ago by my family physician. She put me on Effexor, which seemed to help at first, but over the next year, the side effects were not worth the results. Another doctor recently prescribed Adderall and when that worked well, he gave Adderall XR. I am so much more centered, can concentrate, and my quality of life is so much better. I hate that it is thought of as a "street drug" and I hate that the price is so high. The generic did nothing for me except to make me agitated/jittery for few hours, then crashed and had a headache."
Review of Modafinil: "I am 42 years old and have suffered panic disorder since I was 17 years old. Have racing thoughts, mind won't slow down enough to accomplish a task. Since taking Provigil I have moved forward and been able to complete and follow through on projects and not get frustrated and anxious. Have had no side effects, nor have I experienced a come off effect. I'm stable as she goes all day long. It has not effected my sleep either."
Review of Daytrana: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD at 5. My friends, society along with my own guilt made me feel like a horrible mom for considering meds. Kind of was horrible for my son he hated school and cried to not go. 1st was a constant struggle and when we started trying different medicines. They all turned him in the "zombie" you hear about. I stopped trying medicines and thought we would just have to deal with 3-4 hours of homework a night. In 2nd grade we heard about Daytrana. My son made a huge improvement in school. His teacher (who is wonderful) was amazed by his focus in class. My son went from being an intelligent child who could not focus to an exceptional student. The red marks caused by the patch are hard to see as a parent, but my sons self worth out ways them."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was prescribed Adderall XR for lack of focus and attention. After being on the medicine (10 mg) for 4 days I felt very confused and had trouble talking. I was stumbling over my words and second guessing myself. My appetite was altered (as expected) but I made sure I ate frequently. I also noticed I was very impulsive and short tempered, more than usually. I just wasn't my normal self on this medicine. I'm glad it has worked for many people, but it did not agree with me."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was unable to stay focused or complete daily tasks. After starting Adderall there has been a vast improvement. My life seems to be in order."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I began talking Adderall about 3 months ago, I was scared to say the least. Many people I talked to advised against taken the ADD meds, instead suggesting naturopathic (?) meds. I wouldn't know where to start! I have suffered from depression since I can remember, started taking meds for that in my early 20s. Looking back at my life as a child into my teens and adult years, there was no doubt in my mind that I also had ADHD. Now 20 years later, I realized it was time to do something about it. Dr started me off at 5mg, then 10mg, up to 20mg now. It's amazing how this stuff works, I can ACTUALLY concentrate AND complete something!! The only complaint I have is that I am a little (more) spacey, could be because I'm a mother of 3 though!!! "
Review of Strattera: "I see a lot of mixed reviews on this. It's obvious this drug is EXTREMELY helpful on some and on others its completely ineffective, and can even do harm. My suggestion is to try it out for a month. If you don't feel the effects of it, try it for another month and if you still don't then switch to another drug. If you start feeling agitated by it, get off it immediately. For me strattera has worked wonders. I am 18 years of age, and have noticed the effects after my 4th week of taking it. My mind feels clearer, and I feel more motivated to focus on things I would usually find boring. The effects are reflected in my ACT score: my score has gone up a whole 6 points since first taking it. I wholeheartedly recommend strattera to anyone with ADD."
Review of Dexedrine: "Hands down the worst medication I've ever tried. My Psychiatrist suggested trying a newer ADHD drug but I was enamored by some of the reviews I read on here so I persuaded him to prescribe me Dexedrine. Well what a big mistake. I was given 10mg of Dexedrine and after two weeks of it working it completely backfired. It completely ruined my cognitive abilities. I couldn't do simple math, my depth perception was off, and my time perception was off as well. I was constantly late to appointments, I had to write down everything on the calendar on my phone otherwise I will forget or think I have more time than I actually had. I would be careful with this medication. It might work for you though."
Review of Intuniv: "My son is almost six years old and was recently diagnosed with ADHD.  He was evaluated due to the fact that he was always in trouble in school, home and getting kicked off of the bus.  He also seemed to struggle with focusing on us when we talked.  His doctor had us try Intuniv... we started at 1mg every morning. The positive change was very noticeable.  He was calmer, had a less aggressive attitude, and even used his indoor voice. It did make him sleepier but that only lasted for the first two days.  He is on his third day of 2mg and is doing well.  For the past few weeks he hasn't been getting into trouble at school and his bus driver said he is doing amazing.  He also seems to be focusing better."
Review of Intuniv: "My grandson has been on this for over a month. He is a different person, when he is on this. He is not a good eater and never has been so the doctor weighs him a lot. He is only 5 but you could not stand the person he was without medication. He takes this with Vyvanse and it is great!"
Review of Strattera: "For the first night in I can't tell you how long, I am processing one thought at a time. I am calm instead of frienzied. My normal 20 thoughts all playing at the same time are gone and I'm not sure what to do with the calm. This may take a few days to adjust, but I am at peace right now that has been sorely lacking."
Review of Concerta: "When I first took Concerta, I was more able to concentrate on hard tasks, such as writing and doing math calculations. When I stopped taking this medication, I was unable to pay attention in class, and kept misplacing flash drives and pencils. Plus, I've got a bunch of D's and F's on essay assignments because I've been leaving ADD untreated for six months. Concerta helped me concentrate, but it didn't make me too jittery or not focused enough, and it feels just right. When I came back to the medication, after six months of not taking it, I've had the best school days I've ever had in my life. This medication works, no nonsense, just don't drink too much coffee or energy drinks if you don't want a fast or irregular heartbeat."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have been taking this for 2 days. It is great, I have been losing my appetite but have been eating when I get home. Other then that it is great."
Review of Adderall: "When I was in my last year of college I started seeing a psychologist for depression. After 6 months she screened me for ADHD and started me on adderall. It was ok for a while but she upped my dosage to 40mg per day. That was too much for me so I quit taking it. I noticed the difference when I wasn't on it. I felt way less focused, tired, and my moods were worse.  When I got a job with insurance after a year, I started taking it again. It has helped me tremendously! I only take 10mg per day now."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 17 and have been taking this since 8th grade. I was diagnosed because I would get into trouble all the time and when I first started taking it, it was great. I stopped getting into trouble and so on. Now, 4 years later I feel it is completely different. Rapid heart rate, anger, don't care mood, dizziness, but it still makes me focused. I'm tying to get off it, but making slow progression because I'm really ADHD, my friends concur. The crash after taking it for so long feels like dementia. I only take it on weekdays and could relate to insomnia because I getless than 30 hours of sleep a week. "
Review of Vyvanse: "I just started taking Vyvanse today and have already seen an outstanding improvement! I am an 18 year old mother that struggled throughout high school, not because of intelligence, but lack of motivation to complete things such as homework or projects. I failed quite a few classes and ended up having to take a second senior year. Since my daughter was born and I now have a house to clean and all other kinds of "mommy duties," I really found myself struggling. It was to the point of a failing relationship and disappointment to my family and my significant other. I was unable to just focus on a task and complete it. But today, I did everything I needed to do and then some and I feel great. Very pleased so far."
Review of Strattera: "Female, 28 and have been on Strattera for 5 months and it has changed my life. Went back to a college to finish my high-school degree, after having dropped out of high school in year 9 due to pure inability to focus. I was always in a daydream before this med. Motivation is increased 10x fold. I also had panic attack disorder with half a dozen panic attacks every day! About 3 weeks into this med and the anxiety lifted. Anxiety is 100% gone. No other med in my life has ever done that. Not even actual anxiety medications. I'm more social. Have more energy and general satisfaction with life. I am so happy with this medication and truly believe this is an absolute miracle medication. I think this medication is more for people who have ADHD-PI"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "This medicine has changed my life as a student and a person."
Review of Strattera: "I have aspergers and ADD and started taking strattera when I was about 9 or 10. And in just two months I lost over 20 kg (44 pounds) I was so skinny but I didn't change because I had tried everything else and this was the smallest side effects I had so far. But after I quit just over a month ago (I'm 17 now) I realized that the medication had caused me to have severe depression for all my childhood, I'm really happy for the first time in forever. and the medication had made me more angry and restless than when not taking them."
Review of Focalin: "My 6 year old grandson has been on Focalin for 2 months.  We noticed an immediate behavior change in that he has so much more focused in school, less outbursts and getting daily "Perfect Day" behavior charts.  He is so much happier now and although we are still watching, we haven't seen any side effects."
Review of Intuniv: "Used 3-4 mg dose for autism related meltdowns during teen years.  Made my son very irritable and agitated.  Did not notice sleepiness.  Just an overall grumpy, agitated attitude towards everything."
Review of Intuniv: "I don't care for this medicine I developed a rash on both my arms and was so confused I don't suggest adults use this for adhd"
Review of Amphetamine: "So far so good. Helps with ADHD but less side effects .. Gonna keep using it"
Review of Atomoxetine: "It works wonders. I like it."
Review of Concerta: "I'm a 15 year old girl and have been taking 18 mg in the morning for 4 days now and 0.1mg of clonidine at night. I had a mild, lingering headache the first day, was able to focus a little more on songs I was working on the 2nd day, lost emotion and had to fake laughing and smiling with my friend the next day, and today I was able to focus a little more than usual and get some vocabulary words done. I'm more motivated, but my attention span isn't improved much. Also, I can sit still. My psychologist doesn't think I'm hyperactive but my usual constantly-moving legs and fidgety hands are still.  I'll have to give it more time to work, and increase the dosage once my body is used to it, but I think it's doing okay for only 4 days on a low dose."
Review of Amphetamine: "The only ADHD medication I have taken that doesn't have awful side effects. It makes you more alert and productive with out the headaches and and hungover feeling that I get with adderall and focalin. I don't think it effects everyone the same but it has been a real lifesaver for me."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Our 8 yr old son was diagnosed with ADHD in Kindergarten.  We tried everything. We left no stone unturned.   We were referred to a great  psychiatrist who listened to our concerns and advised us to start him on Vyvanse. He started in March 17.  To say it has been a miracle is an understatement.  While he is not yet a "A" student,  he can now work independently, is not as frustrated, his handwriting has improved.  His teachers are amazed at the turn around.  I am only writing a review because I had read all the blogs and was terrified to say the least.  This med so far has worked with only a few side effects that we are working on.ie;increased agitation when coming off of. His happiness and ability to learn is worth it"
Review of Guanfacine: "My 10 year old son was placed on Intuniv for his severe case of ADHD because stimulants make him angry due to his Anxiety. All other medicines have not worked. My son after 2 weeks began communicating with his teachers. They love this new kid and he talks about his feelings like he never has before. His friends are not asking to come visit again. His true personality has appeared and I love it. He writes like he's in 8th grade, his a very high IQ but it was not showing up on his class work. He is now able to keep up and he plays basketball with no anxiety. 25 points in one game, his self esteem has improved drastically. I love it. Although we still have some work to do for his obsessive compulsive disorder, he loves the medication and reminds me if I forget about it."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I liked the fact that this medication help me focus but it seemed as I was very "distant". I didn't like how it made me just not want to move or do anything.  I am 24 and just recently found out I have ADHD and it is most likely I have had it all my life. I have trouble with finishing what I start and just can't stay focused! So right now it is just trying to find the right kind of medication for me before I start back up at school in January."
Review of Focalin: "I have been on Focalin XR 10 mg for a week now and it seems to be pretty good. I have ADHD/ADD and I was on Vyvanse but it made me very moody and also made me drop 20 pounds in two months. Also noticed impulses on that medication. Focalin seems to be different I feel a bit zombish but I feel its not an issue. And I also have somewhat of an appetite. I feel much more focused."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I cannot stress enough how thankful I am for this medication. I had always been a very smart kid but my drive and focus would come in very short bursts if I was interested otherwise I could not have cared less. I was prescribed 30mg of Vyvanse initially and that was upped to 50mg which I have been taking for over a year now. My grades went from a 3.2 GPA to a 4.0 within a semester. I excelled at work. I am a more alert driver. Like everyone else has said, I feel as if my thoughts are all organized the way they always should have been and I am finally able to catch up on life, which always seemed out of reach. I strongly prefer this medication over Adderall IR which I tried. There are no negative side effects except insomnia."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have been on this medication for almost 11 years I believe that the capsule time released at least for me work a lot better because of the longevity as well as impact. The instant release a great but for me I have a past history with drug abuse in the instant release seems to give a high effect for about an hour and then you come down as well as you don't feel the effects of the medication working properly. Again I can only speak for myself but the time released helps to keep me at an even keel and I stay level for the whole day through no highs and lows."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I gave my 4 year old his first dose at 7 am on a Friday- by 3pm he was running, hitting back flips off the bed and could not stay asleep. I called the doctor she said discontinue. His heart was beating out his chest- I was so scared I sat and watched him all night and his heart beat like that through the next day. No more stimulants for him. "
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 20 years old and just started taking this medication because I was having trouble in school wrapping my head around the massive amount of data we have to learn at school. I have noticed a HUGE improvement on my comprehension while reading in my book, and much more interested and focused on everything my instructor says during the period of class time, and I actually remember it. It helps me complete my projects in school and stay focused on one task instead of walking around aimlessly wasting time seeing what everyone else is doing and saying "I can just do that tomorrow, or later on." I can finally sit down and get things done the way I should be. No crashing at the end of the day, or jitteriness."
Review of Modafinil: "I've severe ADD, in Romania ADHD was recognised for adults only a couple of years ago, Ritalin like meds aren't legal for adults, only Strattera and I need to take my parents to testify I'd had symptoms since my childhood - impossible. As I also used to fight not to fall asleep during the day, e.g. tramways, my family doctor wrote a prescription Modafinil 100mg -I  couldn't afford to buy more, it was ~E100, now ~E20. Tried one pill in my free days - had no real effect. Later I found a bigger dose had a great effect on my ADD. Dosage matters. Huge help for depression from not being able to handle your life & for related pb. I'm 42 - quality of life & being able to have things done matters more than some side effects (headaches used to be just at first)"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been on ADD meds off and on for about 10 years. I'm 33 and before Vyvance I had tried Concerta and Adderrall. While the other two were ok, they did not benefit me nearly as much as Vyvance. In one semester I went from making a 50 on a College Algebra test to making a 100% on the comprehensive final. My professor said he had never seen anything like it, someone going from a 50 to 100. For the first time in my life I remembered to pay bills on time, I don't forget about the clothes in the washer for days, or forget to turn off the stove. I feel so much more accomplished!!"
Review of Bupropion: "I was prescribed Effexor, moved to Cipralex, then to Imipramine and then to Cymbalta - doctor thought Generalized Anxiety Disorder.  I was 2 years on Cymbalta and feeling impulsive, agitated, anxious, stressed, etc. Went to Psychiatrist instead of GP, he did some tests and indicated ADHD thing going on (anxiety was a symptom).  Started Wellbutrin and what a difference. Clear concise thinking, lowered anxiety, not thinking at 100 mph and wow - impulsivity is controlled completely.  Psychistrist and GP were floored! Now 6 months and only getting better. Wasn't able to save marriage but whoever gets me next is going to be very happy. Seriously, the control of Adult ADHD for me was life changing. Only side effect is not so hungry (not a bad thing)."
Review of Intuniv: "Hemiplegic Cerebral Palsy: My son is 8 years old and has started taking Intuniv for his behavior, concentration and mood swings. He does have CP. He has never been diagnosed with ADHD so that concerned me when the neurologist wanted to put him on Intuniv. He's taking 1mg at night and I have to tell you he is a new boy! He's cooperative, sleeping well and he is doing better in class."
Review of Adderall: "I would like to say that Adderrall really works, it helps me concentrate, and get things done, My mind doesnt race, and I am able to focus. I do experience the dry mouth, and the loss of appetite.  And I was experiencing a lot of headaches when I first started taking it, and it would be migraines starting from my temple to the pressure in my eye.  I did a self experiment before I completely stopped taking the medicine and began to drink TWO GLASSES of water. 1 before my pill then wait 10 mins and drink another glass of water with the pill.. And through out the day I kept drinking water... And I have no more headaches... Drink water!!!! ALL DAY!"
Review of Vyvanse: "Oh, if there was an 11, I would give Vyvanse this rating, if it was not for one side effect. But I am not 100% sure it is the Vyvanse.  I have been having pretty bad chest pains since I started on Vyvanse a couple of months ago. I even went to the ER for an asthma attack.  The trouble is, for the last few years (pre-ADHD diagnosis and any meds) I have been slowly growing into adult onset asthma. So it's tough even for the doctors to tell if it's from the asthma or the Vyvanse! The ER doc said no, Vyvanse shouldn't cause chest pains, so did my psychiatrist (who I trust and really respect). Long story short--I LOVE VYVANSE!! Has given me my life whole new meaning. I am the best version of myself.  My whole entire extended family notices!"
Review of Vyvanse: "I would have to agree that Vyvanse has helped extremely with my Adult ADHD and Social Phobia. It is a lot smoother than Adderall XR and doesn't upset my stomach like Concerta used to do. I also take it with Lexapro for my generalized anxiety disorder and have yet to experience any contraindications."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I had taken Adderall, Concerta and other ADHD medications which all caused me to lose my appetite, get moody or come down from it and I felt I wasn't able to be myself. Strattera took a few weeks to kick in, I fell asleep constantly for the first two-four weeks (I know lots of people jump the Strattera ship then saying it is not working or making them sleepy) but after 4 weeks I started to feel like myself again. Except my mind got clearer, I could organize my room/now apartment, do all my school work, do everything I need to do, have better conversations and do not binge eat. I take 40mg and have had no side effects from it. It also helps my anxiety. It is my miracle."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been taking this medicine for over two years now and when I first started taking it it turned my life around.  I'm a senior in high school now and a high honors student and I credit my success mostly to the medication. After taking the 70mg dose for a long amount of time I have noticed that the benefits of the pill have decreased.  Now, the medicine wears off within five hours of taking it.  Compared to before when it would last all day.  I do not feel as focused as I used to while taking it, I do not feel the loss of appetite anymore, and I am becoming more forgetful."
Review of Guanfacine: "Has really helped with mood swings. Helps control violent outbursts."
Review of Intuniv: "28 yrs old I couldn't take it I was tired all the time"
Review of Metadate CD: "My 8 yr old has been taking this medication since he was 5 years old. Started at 10mg. Took him to the Doctor to see about upping it to 20mg. While at the doctors office the doctor said he needs 30mg. We tried that for a week or so. My son lost his appetite and complained with his heart hurting. Took him back, put him on 20mg. When he started the medication everyone could see a huge difference in his behavior. They said he was like a different child. Straight As for the past 3 report cards. The medicine runs out near the end of the day. If he has issues that's when it happens. At times he hits himself, makes strange noises, and can be moody. He sleeps well and he is @ 85% in his weight. It has worked for him."
Review of Ritalin: "This medicine made me feel zombie like. I had hopes of focus and alertness and I know achieving the level of focus intended for the medicine does take a couple of weeks to take effect. But I do not think I can tolerate the restlessness feeling to achieve the intended effect. Just my opinion."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Could not focus at all before adderall. Took for 21 days aka 3 weeks and could finish task at hand, after 21 days focus doubled and I have taken on more tasks and can finish with time to spare and @ 100% no errors. It works."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I take my 30 in the morning with a light breakfast n I'll be set for most of the day. It seems pretty Alright to me.!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "Everybody has a different chemical composition, what works for you may not work for others. For me this was legit mind and focus booster. I would be unemployed if it wasn't for this."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 9 yr old son started vyvanse two weeks ago (lowest dosage) and we saw positive results right away.  In addition to ADHD he has a writing disorder and will literally sit and stare at his paper for hours because he can't get his thoughts written out.  The first day he tried vyvanse he took it in the morning and then came home from school and without being asked he finished his book (25 pages) and then sat down and wrote a 2.5 page book report!  I have not noticed a change in his appetite and he has only experienced some minor sleep issues but it does not seem to really bother him.  Testing has shown my son to be highly intelligent but his grades do not reflect that - I finally have hope that he can reach his potential!"
Review of Desoxyn: "Hopefully I ve found Desoxyn and my Doctor started directly with high doses of 70 mg a day, my ADHD is totally gone, no more depression, I totally stopped smoking, I can have sex again, no more stress, no more turning around and around in a room, no more shaking my legs all day long, I can finally concentrate on  a task that I enjoy, I'm able to finally organise my  life, I clean my flat and I can work, no more brain hyperactivity. I've  also  tried before Ritalin, Dexedrine, Aderrall and Vyvanse, none helped me  my ADHD disorder.  Finally I know actually that I can live a happy Life, thats possible with DESOXYN70MG/DAY"
Review of Intuniv: "I'm a 19 year-old male college student. I've been on Strattera 100 mg (another non-stimulant like Intuniv) for the last 4-5 years, but I wanted to try another drug because Strattera is starting to be less effective. While on Intuniv, I've noticed that it is doing what it's supposed to (decrease in anxiety, hyperactivity, and increase in focus), but the side-effects are almost not worth it. I've been on Intuniv for two weeks now, and I've been on the 3 mg capsule for the last few days. But, I don't know if I'll be able to finish out the month due to a number of things. I've experienced extreme dry mouth, headaches, INCREASED appetite, and extreme fatigue at awkward hours. I've also found it impossible to wake up in the mornings."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was first given Ritalin at 6 years old. Ritalin made it hard for me to sleep. Being on Ritalin made me feel nauseous.  Ritalin caused tremors in my arms. Being forced to take Ritalin made me self-conscious. Ritalin increased my anxiety. My anxiety turned into panic attacks so I was prescribed with antidepressants like Zoloft, Wellbutrin and Effexor. I was also prescribed with Lamictal, an anti-convulsant. For me, Ritalin was the "gateway drug.""
Review of Intuniv: "My son has ADHD (combined) and ODD. Unfortunately, Intuniv did not work on my son."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse is probably one of the more successful attempts by pharmaceutical companies to create a medication for ADD/ADHD that doesn't carry the negative repercussions other, older medications have, i.e. anxiety, anorexia, insomnia, etc. It's amazing."
Review of Adderall XR: "Before Adderall couldn't keep a job longer than a few months, I changed majors in college over 6 times, I couldn't finish anything in my life. Four years ago I went through a divorce and knew I was going to have to work full-time to support myself. I went to my doctor and told him everything, I was diagnosed with severe adult ADD and prescribed 20mg of Adderall xr once a day. Today, I am still at the same job, have been promoted, and in school to finish my master's degree. I can honestly say if it wasn't for Adderall I have no idea where I would be. I now take 20mg xr two times a day and have for the last three years it still works great. Lately my moods have been all over the place so seen a psychiatrist and am starting lexapro in addition"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I'm 16 and not diagnosed with ADD, but have struggled my entire life in school and am constantly failing. I have trouble paying attention, staying focused, and devoting time towards school and homework. Starting around last year I would come home from school everyday very tired and go to sleep til 7 or 8pm. I got prescribed to Adderall this year and it's made a drastic improvement. I have all A's and B's now. But the downfalls are I talk a lot (no I'm not on it right now), and sometimes I focus but on pointless things, and after it wears off I get irritable, anxious and emotional. I wish it lasted longer also. The medicine has kind of taken a slight turn on me and am acting different, and my parents have noticed a change in me."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I'm taking pharmacy technician courses right now and I don't know how I could do it without Dexedrine. The course is compressed and there is a tonne of information to take in a short time. I can often tell if I've missed a dose, or it's near time for my noon dose, because I will just plain zone out.Docs tried me on Wellbutrin and Concerta, and those did nothing, so Dexedrine seems the way to go! Really depends on the individual though."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was diagnosed with ADHD in the middle of my 9th grade year. My parents noticed I have failed more classes than passed the past years. It turns out I have ADHD, I was started off on 50mg which automatically kept me calm, quiet and eager to pay attention and learn. I passed all my classes my 9th grade year. Currently, I'm almost complete with 10th grade. I am passing everything and doing an excellent job keeping up with school, homework and my job. I've gone from 50mg to 70mg. I didn't think I could feel the need to take this so much. When I don't take it, I can't hold my eyes open. I binge eat in bed, half asleep. But this does keep your mind off hunger, I went from 190lbs to 125lbs in a year."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am a 22 yr old female. Hated the significant side effects of Vyvase60mg. Hated Invuniv. Love the patch. Allows me to control the medication. I usually take it off about 7 hours after putting it on. This allows me to sleep at night. I can focus at work very well and no significant drop. I realized I cannot blow dry my hair, or go tanning with it on or I would get a big burst of medication! Sometimes have a hard time sleeping if I don't take it off early!"
Review of Concerta: "My daughter was finally diagnosed with ADHD Inattentive-type at age 16 after a lot of stress regarding high school academics and feeling "dumb."  Concerta has been nothing short of a miracle for her.  She finally ended up on the 54mg dosage and does very well.  The only side effect she has had is loss of appetite which she now knows to eat a healthy/big breakfast before her medication in the morning. She then eats a normal dinner. She has occasionally had insomnia if she takes her medication later in the morning or if she has accidentally had caffeine.  Overall, she is in a good groove with this medication and her SAT score went from 1600 to 2000 after medication and a prep course; GPA from 3.3 to 3.9."
Review of Focalin: "My 7 yr old has been on Focalin for 5 weeks with no side effects.  His teacher noticed a difference in him on the FIRST day which amazed me. I didn't even have a chance to tell her he was taking it and she commented that he was more focused, better behaved, etc.  So far, it's been great!"
Review of Dexedrine: "I have found that Dextroamphetamine ER cap (AKA Dexedrine spansules) are best for treating my ADHD.  I have tried Ritalin and Adderall and both came with bad side effects.  Ritalin made me a zombie and Adderall had sexual and hyper-tension side effects.  The switch to Dextroamphetamine has increased my focus, alleviated my ADHD symptoms, and also increased my sex drive.  I had to take 10mg x 4 Adderall but find that 10mg x 2 Dexedrine ER works for me.  So I was able to decrease my intake of amphetamine while switching to Dexedrine.  After 1/2 year, I have found no negative side effects whatsoever."
Review of Intuniv: "We just started this a week ago and have not had good results yet.  My 11 yr son had been on Focalin for about 2 yrs for Aspergers Syndrome and was doing great, then like any other drug he's been on since he was 5, it just stopped working.  Sure wish I knew that this would work, but so far the results are not great.  His Doctor added his Risperdal back to try to cut down on the yelling out, singing at school, but so far I am not convinced that this is going to work.  We are sticking it out through this week and I pray that I start to see some results soon.  He does get very sleepy around 8pm and falls asleep on the couch. Last night was the first night that he didn't wake up during the night crying and saying he nauseous, yay!"
Review of Concerta: "After the first day of taking Concerta I feel like: Oh , this is how normal people feel like. The medicine did not get me hyper but instead it made me feel a lot more alive. Exactly fit my expectation. Thank you."
Review of Vyvanse: "26 y/o female who was diagnosed with ADHD at 15. My parents chose not to treat it with medication. As an adult in college- I got made fun of in good humor by friends about how much I studied. I couldn't concentrate, remember, mind wander and jump to something else & hyper. Tried Adderall instant and XR. My husband said both made me mean and irritable. Plus I lost 10 pounds before our wedding (already underweight). It increased my anxiety, I hated it. My psychiatrist switched me to Vyvanse 30mg. Wow! No mood swings, no appetite changes, can concentrate, less anxiety because it evens me out.  I feel alive and normal!"
Review of Vyvanse: "This medication has changed my life. I didn't start taking it until I was 24 years old. I honestly thought it was hopeless trying to figure out my life. I kept failing college courses, struggled with my job, struggled with relationships. I genuinely thought I was stupid. Sounds dramatic, but that's honestly I how I felt. I just couldn't think or concentrate. Then I tried Vyvanse. I was really against stimulants or any type of drug that could be addictive. But, I'm SO grateful I tried it. I wouldn't be where I am today without it. I'm a nursing student with a 4.0. I have an amazing relationship and I enjoy my job. It's not a miracle drug, but it really helps me focus and do the things I know I can do. Definitely recommend it."
Review of Adderall XR: "Definitely makes me focus and achieve all things; through home and work. No more daydreaming! 30Mg XR."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Works great for ADHD but tolerance builds very rapidly."
Review of Concerta: "I would recommend this medication ONLY if you are 100% positive you need medication, by that I mean teachers and family recognizing the issue. My mom finally decided to give me concerta during early middle school after my teachers advised it for a few years. I recommend beginning with 9 mg and slowly going up if needed. This medication is horrible in my life in the sense that I feel like I need it to do good in school, especially now I'm in college. But it causes me to be incredibly depressed. I continue to take it because grades are first, but for kids I recommend keeping a very close eye on them and follow up on depression issues because as a kid in middle school, it was horrible."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been on 18 mg concerta for 3 days. I'm a 39 year old woman with ADHD-PI with anxiety. The 1st day I felt fluey and extremely tired, but very mellow and happy, nevertheless it didn't do a thing for focus/Attention. The 2nd day I felt inconsistent fluctuations with my mental clarity/focus. Also, there were fluctuations in Tiredness, I had to drink caffeine twice in the day on order to kind of function. Also my appetite became enormous. I still felt quite calm and centered though, which was nice for a change. 3rd day was more of the same from the 2nd day, but my appetite was less. I'm wondering if I should keep taking this."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was diagnosed with ADD 2 weeks ago, along with depression/anxiety at the age of 33.  My doctor wanted to treat the ADD first thinking the other issue would clear up so he started me on 18mg of Concerta.  The first week I would take one pill, and then this week increase it to 2 pills.  I haven't been on this medication like others have and I am experiencing so many side effects...i.e. nervousness, no appetite, headaches in the morning, cant sleep, paranoid for no reason.  I feel like its doing the opposite of what it should.  The first day I actually was able to just focus on one task and was able to get the laundry done.  I will be talking to my doctor about other medications."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 22 year old male - diagnosed with inattentive ADD about 2 months ago. I was prescribed 30mg Vyvanse right after my diagnosis, and have moved up to 50mg (been 3 wks). My problems with ADD started in elementary school, and continued all the way up until a month after I graduated from university (but got worse). Deciding to get tested for ADD was the best decision I ever made! Vyvanse has been a blessing to me, and the benefits FAR outweigh the consequences. I can focus longer, stay on tasks until they are completed, pay attention to detail much easier, articulate my thoughts/words better, and motivate myself to get work and other activities done. It's not a miracle drug, but HELPS (key word) you manage your symptoms and function easier"
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 10 year old was prescribed Concerta after having an allergic reaction to Adderal. Well this was not much better. He was nauseous and dizzy and his resting heart rate was 160. He only took 1 dose, and he will not be taking any more. Awful stuff"
Review of Bupropion: "I have bad reaction to most stimulant type medications made for ADHD. Instead of getting strung out like most people would they put me right to sleep, or cause sever twitching, and made my anxiety much much worse.Wellbutrin ROCKS! But just by it self my chest pains from stress are gone, I can remember more, stay on more tasks and get stuff done, instead of spinning around finishing nothing. (A.K.A: Hell.)I thought it wasn't doing much at first until I forgot to take it for 2-3 day.s The difference this makes! I Never knew this damn ADHD was causing me this much stress, I was aware of it as I knew I had to fight all the time with my self just to listen to someone talk and not interrupt or take off. I'm a female with severe ADHD."
Review of Daytrana: "Tips for taking off the patch:  use oil (we use skin so soft, but any oil will work) to rub into the skin around the edges of the patch and let it sit for a little bit... maybe about 20 - 30 seconds... pull it gently while continuing to rub oil into the edges a little at a time, repeat.  The oil dissolves the "glue" and also helps remove the sticky residue that shows up a day later, easier to just wipe off after being sprayed with a mist of oil than scrubbed off with soap and water.  Breakfast is all ready to eat when she wakes up- sometimes I make a high calorie, high nutrient smoothie and give it to her while she's still in bed,  put the patch on at the same time, let her snooze for 20 more minutes; PM gets high cal/high nutrient snack"
Review of Focalin XR: "It's amazing but don't take 5 or 6 or 7 you will feel sick and stay up and not eat for a day or 2 but if you want a fun focus high go small like 2 or 3 then work your way up if you want to buy its not fun with a lot you start hearing thing and seeing things and you get scared easy but fun at the end did my college homework project and easays and other things I had to do for college got all done in that 24 hour period still up and feel hyper and awake but I know I'm going to crash very soon but the drug does it job 100% for me when I do 1 10mg or 2 10mg I do 2 for test the next day soo I know I'm up and ready for it"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My general physician first prescribed me Concerta (Intermediate dosage) and it seemed to make me feel depressed, anxious, and more obsessive (thought-wise anyway). I was then prescribed Adderall XR (10 mg) and found that I would feel more productive and relaxed earlier in the day upon taking it, but then the side effects really began to hit hard. I was hesitant to continue to try another stimulant because I was actually diagnosed with anxiety (by my psychiatrist) and mild depression and the stimulants seemed to heighten these symptoms. He then suggested that I try Vyvanse and he also put me on Atterax (for anxiety/allergies ---weird combination, I know) in addition to Prozac. Vyvanse has been a life-saver, mild side effects, and no "crash"."
Review of Vyvanse: "Just recently diagnosed with ADHD and specifically asked to start out on vyvance at 30mg/day. I'm 23 years old and had been struggling with severe ADHD my whole life, finally decided to go get it checked and vyvance being my first medication taken for it- it's completely calmed me down as a person. I feel like I have such clear thoughts which made me feel incredible, I finally felt normal. Helped with my hot temper and impatience as well. First week has been successful."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "36 year old female diagnosed with ADHD. Started on Concerta 30mg daily (2 weeks), no therapeutic effect but had extreme dry mouth, a crash/grogginess in the evenings. Switched to Adderall XR 20mg daily, no therapeutic effect; experienced dry mouth and slight loss of appetite during day, made up for it in evening. Just started 40mg daily and I feel the therapeutic effect. Profound concentration at work, desire to tweak processes, love getting things done, a non-stop interest in being productive with everything. I have this sense of crystal clear clarity of my surroundings, like HDTV sight. Around 5pm, I still feel a crash and extreme tiredness. I will see if I can take a short acting pill to get me through the evening. VERY PLEASED NOW."
Review of Adderall XR: "very bad mood swings."
Review of Zenzedi: "I would rather not take any medicine at all than take this med. it made me feel awful. Achy all over, headache, blurred vision, no energy. Numbness in hands and feet. I wouldn't recommend it. It didn't help me focus or stay awake. In fact I just wanted to lay down it made my head hurt so bad."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Been on Lisdexamphetamine for 1 year for adult ADHD. Reduction if not elimination of most symptoms eg. Forgetfulness, inattention, poor working memory. Makes life much easier. Side effects for me, though mild to moderate at times, are; Generalized anxiety, getting to sleep later ie. 11:30pm and poor appetite at lunchtime. I can deal with the side effects. The medication is a god send. Takes a few months before the full benefits take effect."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Has helped me a lot with focusing and getting tasks done. I had some nausea during my first and second weeks. Taking it with food was helpful. Overall, it worked pretty well for me."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 22-year-old female who was only diagnosed with ADHD when I was 20.  Although it was a "known" problem throughout my entire life, I had never been diagnosed since I was able to maintain A's and B's throughout my schooling.  Upon arriving to college though, I went from being a rockstar student to crashing and burning my first semester.  After struggling with the idea of taking a stimulant and avoiding medication, I finally caved and tried Vyvanse.  I'm very glad I made the decision because it really helps me direct my thoughts and focus and therefore has reduced a great deal of anxiety that I was experiencing from the frustration of "not getting my life together"."
Review of Atomoxetine: "19 yrs Male 175 lbI was diagnosed with ADHD in March, being an engineering major made my psychiatrist skeptical if I actually had ADHD (I do), so he prescribed me Strattera. He told me it was completely safe and had no side effects. I took it daily, for a month straight, and I felt nothing. I told my psychiatrist this and he increased my dosage to 40 mg.I continued taking my dosage daily and did not notice anything on the first week of my 40 mg dosage. However, I did start developing irrational thoughts. For example, I began thinking everyone hated me, soon after, I started becoming suicidal. I tried killing myself by overdosing on opiates, but my roommate called the ambulance. I stopped taking it, and I started feeling normal again."
Review of Dexedrine: "I have ADHD and mild-to-moderate anxiety. Dexedrine 20 mg (2 x 10 mg) taken in the morning allows me to focus for about 8 hours, but I experience negative side effects including increased anxiety, raised blood pressure and difficulty sleeping. I used to experience moderate-to-severe depression at the end of the day when it would wear off, but I've been able to avoid this using buspirone 5 mg (taken once-an-hour for 4 hours starting 7.5 hours after I take the Dexedrine). Also, I take trazodone 12.5 mg before bed to help me sleep. Due to the side effects, I only take Dexedrine once or twice a week, when I need to get lots of work done. Adderall made me more anxious, and methylphenidate (e.g. Ritalin) didn't help me."
Review of Concerta: "Very bad side effect: insomnia, depression, important weight lost..."
Review of Desoxyn: "10/10 miracle for my ADD, fog/fatigue, OCD. Can now take things 1 at a time. No more racing thoughts! Minimal side effects. Thank you for helping!!!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "I've been taking Strattera for half a month now, I am 34, and it seems to be doing a pretty good job of increasing my attention span.  I have some, but not many signs of decreased sexual appetite, depression, or suicidal thoughts.  I HAVE, however, noticed that I am biting my tongue on the right side of my mouth and when I forget to take the medicine this stops.  It usually happens when I am concentrating, and while I was typing this review, I found myself doing it again. This is very strange, as I haven't heard about it. Also, when I get the shivers, I notice that they now linger at the top of my scalp. I am assuming this has something to do with increased blood flow in your brain or some such thing."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I would have to agree that Vyvanse has helped extremely with my Adult ADHD and Social Phobia. It is a lot smoother than Adderall XR and doesn't upset my stomach like Concerta used to do. I also take it with Lexapro for my generalized anxiety disorder and have yet to experience any contraindications."
Review of Concerta: "I've tried several of the common ADD medications, and Concerta works the best for me. I was on it for two years a few years ago. When I am on this, I produce better work in school and in my job. When I am not on it, my mind has significant difficulty compartmentalizing information, storing it and accessing it when I need it. Often I wouldn't even hear what was being said. This creates major anxiety when I can't think clear enough to get more challenging tasks done. What Concerta also does is makes me hyper- focus on small things like constructing a simple email to send to one person - it'll take me 15 minutes to write the 30 second email because I'm overly focused on my every word."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a junior in high school who was just diagnosed with both severe ADD and ADHD. I go to a pretty good high school where I achieved around a 3.2 last year (generally get a 3.6 but last semester of my sophomore year I got like a 2.7). After I got on Vyvanse my GPA went up to around a 4.0 and I am in mostly honors and AP classes. Although I was always thought to be smart and nobody ever denied that, they would say I was lazy and unorganized and simply didn't apply myself. Now I get A's without effort, my teachers love me, I hardly have to pay attention, and I also have a love for school/my subjects that I didn't have before. I am now excited to go to school and function on a much higher level. I would most definitely recommend Vyvanse."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I took Concerta from 3rd to 11th grade, then again for about a year right after graduation, I ended up forgetting to take them for a while and just started taking them again. For me it takes about a month to actually feel the full affects of it. One thing to keep in mind though is that it doesn't help you focus on homework or work...it just helps you Focus, whether it's on homework or your emotions."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Saved my life. "
Review of Strattera: "My son went on Strattera... came off after about 6 months because he found it terrible and was causing him pain, discomfort (mentally) and he was constantly crying, hurting himself and even one time fainted."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Worked great from day one. Unfortunately, does not come in a generic form so can be very expensive. My doctor recently switched me to Methylin ER since it comes in a generic form and is much more affordable.  Sometimes I can't even tell I have taken the Methylin ER, the performance is so sub-standard to the Ritalin LA.  I am starting to think a normal life might just be worth the extra $60 a month my insurance doesn't cover on the Ritalin LA."
Review of Bupropion: "Bupropion, the generic version, makes me feel more on top of things. I do feel the medicine kick in after about an hour and I get a bit "high" if you will. It's a feeling of motivation to go do things and be productive. The first time I was on Wellbutrin (one month), it only lasted about 2 hours (at least what I could feel) and ended up not caring about anything for the rest of the day. Then recently I started Wellbutrin XL 150MG and it lasts much longer. I made the mistake of taking it at night, when I should have taken in the morning. Bad insomnia because of it, but I learned my lesson. I'd say it is the only antidepressant that has worked on both depression and ADHD by helping me concentrate, remember, stay on track, and also motivation."
Review of Methamphetamine: "I was in 8th grade. I had no problems other then ADD. My doctor prescribed this to me. I was on it for a few years. After a few weeks it was hectic. Id take them and be super sensitive to light. My head would be pounding. Id sleep in the middle of the floor in a pitch dark room just because the cold felt nice on my pounding head. If it wasnt that. It was hot and cold flashes. When I didnt take them, I'd have super bad breathing problems and Id panic. The littlest thing would set me off. Im now 20 years old. I have major anxiety problems that started when I stopped taking it. Of course most of my anxiety disorders were personal expierence and trauma but my main anxiety, the random attacks, were caused by this medication."
Review of Vyvanse: "42 year old male recently diagnosed with ADD (no hyperactivity).  Vyvanse is the only medication I've tried and I'm reasonably happy with it.  Started 30 mg for 2 weeks.  Felt a little jittery and had a funny taste in my mouth.  Increased to 70 mg.  No longer feel jittery, no funny taste, but my mouth is always dry so I drink a lot of water.Vyvanse seems to help me get more done.  I can't say I'm more focused, but I am more motivated, so the end result is more productivity, though not always directed in the best place.It decreased my appetite, so it was easier to switch to a healthier diet.  Lost more than 25 lbs. in first 3 months, which has also helped increase self esteem, motivation and energy level."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 19 and had taken Concerta successfully since I was 14, but being in college I needed a medication that would last for longer than Concerta did. My symptoms have never been very bad, but definitely affected my work. My psychiatrist suggested Vyvanse, but it was hell. It worked about the same as Concerta, but it would wear off after about 6 hours, and I would collapse on the floor sobbing. Every night I would become extremely suicidal and angry, and after just a two weeks my relationships with everyone was at a breaking point. I went back to Concerta, and now take a small dose of Ritalin when it wears off. So much better."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have taken 20 mg of Adderall coupled with 50 mg of Zoloft for the past year.  They work really well together. Adderall helps me focus and Zoloft treats any mood swings or depressed feelings.  It really is a good combination for ADHD, ADD, or OCD."
Review of Adderall XR: "First drug I started taking for ADD a month ago. Took the 20 mg and it felt too intense and had a ton of side effects, but after 3-5 days, was tolerable but still suffered from really bad headaches and dry mouth all day. 2 weeks later, headaches finally stopped, but dry mouth was horrible, must have drank a gallon of water or more a day and had to have candy or gum all the time. But, I could tell I was a little more productive at work. At night, I would catch myself daydreaming worse than before and wondered if I was worse without it. I felt it basically replaced my coffee and then some, but the dry mouth wasn't worth it. I am now going to start taking Wellbutrin since I am a little depressed too and that drug is supposed to help with both."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This medicine is great for adhd but does not work for everyone in fact it made me feel angry,increased anxiety I've been dealing with and can kind of depress you i recommend adderall xr (even tho i stopped it) because ADHD is challenging and this medication made me very focused, like robot focused it was great! but i had to switch to prozac cause it gave me worse anxiety, if you have a problem with anxiety i don't recommend it,there are plenty your doctor can prescribe that don't have as much side effects. but all in out this medicine is great for treating ADHD good luck!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 8 year old was diagnosed with ADHD this year.  We tried a non-stimulant first (guanfacine) but it didn't work plus she was soo sleepy on this.  Switched to 30mg of Vyvanse and instantly her grades & school performance increased.  She also plays sports and has improved due to better focus.  We constantly had to yell out into the softball field to "be ready" prior to the medication.  Now, she's always ready to go.  Side effects to begin were insomnia for about 3 days.  Dr. suggested 2mg of melatonin which worked fine.  We did melatonin for 2 days then she was back to falling asleep on her own.  Weight loss is also an issue.  She's down about 6 lbs but she's tall 4' 7" and weighed 94 lbs.  I don't give it to her on the weekend and she eats ok"
Review of Atomoxetine: "Strattera is a wonderful ADHD medication if you know how it works for you. For me it takes a solid 8 weeks before the full effect of the Medication kicks in to full potential. When it does. I have a superb memory through paying attention. My Dr. Increased it from 40mg when it worked well but not well enough. To 80mg. Then I had to restart the 8 weeks. Like the 40mg,  I started noticing a difference in 5 weeks. After 6th week it's a perfect mix. Superb focus that seems to get better week after week. I'm glad I gave the Statterra a chance."
Review of Concerta: "I've been on Concerta since I was about 13 (I'm 22 now).  When I first started the medication I experienced a fair amount of weight loss. Overall, Concerta has truly changed my life and made me a more focused student.  Since I've been on it for so long, I have learned to manage side effects but some that have been ongoing are: upset stomach right after taking the medication (due to the stimulant effects and lack of food), slight headaches, jitters, binging when the medication wears off, and occasional paranoia.  When first beginning the medication, remember to force yourself to have some caloric in-take even if it is just a smoothie.  This has been life-changing, but please remember to balance out your diet."
Review of Concerta: "18mg dose, day 1. Was hungover so took paracetamol, had taken ritalin as a kid and this is the first time I had meds in years, had a migraine, was irritable, tunnel vision, extreme anxiety almost brought to tears, slight suicidal tendancies, hallucinations relating to anxiety and had a hard time articulating myself as my memory was shot and my thoughts were rapid and I felt impulsive and dehydrated very easily, however I feared worse effects from withdrawels so I took it again the next day and I played abit of guitar and that set my mood for the whole day, constantly euphoric. ive just passed day 3 and hardly felt any effect off the drug, overall remained productive and achieved everything I wanted even on worst day. Will see how it goes."
Review of Guanfacine: "I am on this medicine and it IS HORRIBLE. I am 23 years old and have ADHD. I just got retested for it to make sure that I hadn't grow out of it. I was put on this medicine because I hated taking Concerta and other stimulants. I couldn't eat anything while taking them and they made me really crabby. This medicine made me fall over while walking to my kitchen a few days after I started taking it. I couldn't drive my car because I was scared I would get dizzy and crash. I was only put on 1 MG. Whenever I got out of bed I got so dizzy that my sight would go away and I would see black for the entire walk to my bathroom and keep seeing black until after I washed my hands and went to the bathroom. I have been on for 3 weeks. Stopped taking yesterday."
Review of Adderall: "I was prescribed this medicine when I was a young child for ADHD. I took it all the way though my high school years until I decided I didn't need it. I backed this theory by saying "It made me feel funny and zone out". I stopped taking it and since then I dropped out of school, picked up a drug problem and have been in and out of jail. I know I can't blame this on not taking medicine but I do know I didn't do any of that stuff when I was taking it. I was a pretty good kid. I recently got my G.E.D and am going to be attending college in the fall. I am actually trying to get back on this medicine so I can stay focused. I am excited to see whats in store in the future. But what I am really trying to say this drug works wonders."
Review of Strattera: "We started strattera 10mg then 18mg then 25mg for our 9yr old. In the beginning it was great, after about 5 days of each dose it was clearly time to increase to the next dose, but now we have been at 25 mg for over a month and the impulsivity and anger has gotten worse again over the past 2 weeks or so, and we can't increase the dose any further. Will be calling her doctor Monday to change to something else. An alarming thing to me is that she is also sad and crying a whole lot, which is new. This child never cried before."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 59 year old man. I have taken Adderall 30 mg. 3x daily for about 4 years. I am very happy with its performance; it has changed my life. It's hard for me to imagine all those years of struggling I went through before I was properly diagnosed. I tried Vyvanse 70 mg. for one week. Although it worked in a fashion similar to Adderall, I feel as if I have better control taking the medicine 3 x a day. The Vyvanse would wear off and then come back and start to work again and I found it disconcerting; it was like a roller coaster. With Adderall, I can expect it will begin to wear off after 4-5 hours and I simply take another one, usually before it has lost its effectiveness, and I feel the same all day."
Review of Bupropion: "Had little to no effect on my ADHD"
Review of Vyvanse: "5th month on Vyvanse 30 mg which is on the lower dose end. This med has an awful crash. I exercise 4-6x a week. I eat very healthy. I stay busy. I read so many reviews about the same issue. I did reading about the "minimal" crash felt on this med and it is so scary how pharmaceutical companies try to set the med apart. For me it lasts 6 hrs and irritability increases. I think it's in-part tolerance. Mid afternoon, I get severely irritable, anxious, moody, sleepy, and agitated. It is so uncomfortable, I'm supposed to "up" my dose now...to see it last longer and my "crash" will start later"? "
Review of Guanfacine: "my grandson just started Guanfacine 1mg tablets this medication for his ADHD and has slept all day, he was taking Strattera but broke out in a bad rash all over his body. we are new to this and some of these responses are good information. thanks to all who share"
Review of Concerta: "Terrible experience. My son is affected with ASD and ADHD. We gave him Concerta for one day by prescription. All symptoms have worsen dramatically, He became extremely nervous and did not sleep a half of night."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I've tried straterra, Dexedrine, Ritalin, vyvanse.  I would take vyvanse but it's way too $$.  Generic adderall has been the best as far as cost and effects.  The only thing I have disliked is the connotation adderall has because I can tell some doctors are against it. I have had two doctors lecture me on how something else must be wrong because I take 75 mg daily.  I tried to switch to the XR and lower my dose to 60mg, but insurance won't cover it.  This medication has been really helpful for me, but I feel like I need it because without it I'm a wild ape (hyper, make silly noises, annoying). It keeps me calm and focused on the big picture.  I would use modafilin if I could because the side effects are less pronounced, but again the price."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 11 and I take it. Before I got in trouble a lot, but now I'm fine."
Review of Metadate CD: "My son is currently on 20mgs once a day. Diagnosed and medicated September 2016. We noticed he does this blank stare where his eyes roll up and makes a tasting motion with his mouth. I notified Dr and he had a EEG done. Turns out they were seizures. He is doing super well in school, complete 180 but I don't think  it worth it. He's now on liquid keppra. I feel like has just going down hill. Super irritable, mood swings which they said was a side effect of being on both. Very disheartening. Waiting for MD to call back to change his med to a non stimulant."
Review of Focalin XR: "Overall this medication has been absolutely wonderful.  Our 12 year old son was diagnosed at age 7 with ADHD. We did try another medicine, but it stopped working after about 2 years. We have been on the Focalin XR since.  Our son takes 25 mg, 2 times daily about 6 hours apart. It has helped a ton. He does have the appetite issue, but we are sustaining it, and when it wears off at nite, he eats great. The mornings are the worst part before the medicine kicks in.  Our son has improved so much in school and in his extra curricular activities.  He is a total joy when the medication is working. We do try and give him "drug vacations" on the weekends and during the summer which helps maintain his weight."
Review of Metadate CD: "My son (7 years old now) was diagnosed with ADHD last year and was started on 10mg of Metadate. We've slowly progressed to 60mg now which I was told is the maximum dosage available for this medication.  It seems to work fine on a new dosage for about a month and then nothing.  Our doctor is now talking about putting him on Adderall which makes me a little nervous since he is already underweight (been reading all the side effects).  He is only 49lbs and 49inches.  We're feeding him Pedisures daily to help boost the weight but still to no avail. Just want my son to be able to focus in school!"
Review of Clonidine: "My 5 yo has been diagnosed with ADHD and impulsiveness. I was also concerned about her not sleeping or napping. She was moody and smart mouthed constantly. Her doctor put her on the lowest dose of Clonidine and the first couple nights was a miracle. She slept from 8pm to 9am. She was calm, didn't talk back, relaxed and watched a full movie with me. About a week into the medicine, she still doesn't have a problem falling asleep, but is waking up all night, getting up sometimes before it's light out, and is hyper! So hyper she is jumping out of her chair sporadically, she can't think straight, she can't focus on anything. We are going to bring this up at next appt for sure. It's like once the meds wear off watch out!!!"
Review of Methylin ER: "My son (9yrs old) has been taking this for about 3 weeks now for ADD. I was apprehensive about resorting to medicating him, but as his grades and progress were suffering, we felt we had to take the next step and try medication.  We have noticed a dramatic difference.  On the 2nd day his teachers sent me notes about how much he had already improved with focusing on his school work and having to spend much less time getting him to pay attention.  He is more focused and hasn't brought work home not completed in class since he started it. Only one dizzy spell on the 2nd day of treatment and a little trouble getting to sleep the first 3 nights, but now he seems adjusted to the meds and is doing quite well."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 8 year old was diagnosed with ADHD this year.  We tried a non-stimulant first (guanfacine) but it didn't work plus she was soo sleepy on this.  Switched to 30mg of Vyvanse and instantly her grades & school performance increased.  She also plays sports and has improved due to better focus.  We constantly had to yell out into the softball field to "be ready" prior to the medication.  Now, she's always ready to go.  Side effects to begin were insomnia for about 3 days.  Dr. suggested 2mg of melatonin which worked fine.  We did melatonin for 2 days then she was back to falling asleep on her own.  Weight loss is also an issue.  She's down about 6 lbs but she's tall 4' 7" and weighed 94 lbs.  I don't give it to her on the weekend and she eats ok"
Review of Concerta: "Only side effect is can't sleep and lost 4kg in 1 week"
Review of Vyvanse: "A client who is a psychiatrist recommended that I go in for testing. After 3 days of tests & my history the Dr. concluded I have suffered from ADHD most of my life & I've developed coping mechanisms to get me through but the untreated issue was contributing to my depression & social anxiety. Vyvanse is the most amazing thing to happen to my life, I feel normal for the first time ever! I'm productive, healthy, focused, active, and social. I had to stop taking it for a 1yr due to insurance issues & during that time I gained an unhealthy amount of weight, was depressed, binge eating, and completely lost. Since back on it, I've realized that it's not something I should be removed from my lifestyle if I want to remain happy and healthy."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "High schooler, last year failed with D's and F's now I have A's and B's across the board. I'm taking 30mg of Vyvanse every morning, and it has turned my schooling in a complete 100% success. Only negative thing I can say, I've been having very short tempers. Anything can make me go off, I had it before taking medication but now it's more common for me to get very faster. Other than that no complaints! For a school setting this medicine is amazing."
Review of Adderall XR: "I was diagnosed with ADD about 5 years ago; a year later, I started taking a Concerta for 2-3 months; it gave me headaches and didn't help. Hearing good things about Adderall I tried it and wow it was like magic. I felt awesome, I could actually think and focus, and everything was great with not-so-terrible side-effects. The thing with Adderall for me was that I constantly had to change doses (I tried XR 10, 20, 30 and reg 5,10). I jumped all over the spectrum, because my biggest side effect was it affected my sleep and I was soon diagnosed with moderate obstructive sleep apnea; may not be correlated but it exploited this problem. After roughly 3.5 years the side-effects have increased and it doesn't help much. Looking into Desoxyn and Dexedrine."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Consistent control of ADHD, able to focus without drastic drop off in evenings."
Review of Focalin XR: "Helpful."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 39 yo woman, diagnosed with ADHD, inattentive type, this past summer, about three days after my son was diagnosed ADHD.  After a consultation with a psychopharmacologist, I started taking Vyvanse about three months ago.  I also take 100 mg of Neurontin 3x daily, which keeps any anxiety issues I may have (an issue that can be magnified by the Vyvanse) at bay.  I couldn't be happier with the Vyvanse--started at 30 mg and am now at 50.   Realizing that I had ADD changed my life--suddenly, my difficulties all made sense!  The pill isn't magic--but taking it daily has given me the ability to use the tools I knew I should use and couldn't before (things like a calendar, or my checkbook register, or a budget, or a watch...)."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I used concerta for my ADD and it worked pretty good.  It gave me a little boost and helped me concentrate better but it kind of just felt like I was on a controlled form of caffeine. The side effects were a lack of hunger, mood swings, and the crash was terrible. I felt tired and got in a terrible mood.  So it does help I'm not going to lie but I have since switched to another medicine because the side effects were too much for me."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I have been off and on focallin XR 10mg debating weather I like it or not, I HATE IT. It increases my attention by a little bit. I like the loss of appetite because I need to cut down on eating and this does it for me. But it is not worth it. 7 hours of school (9th grade) the whole day was terrible. I was scared about nothing and constantly had fear through the whole day, apparently feelings of crying is very common. I can't talk to anyone either. I get so scared that I'm gonna mess up somehow talking to someone that I studder and over explain and in the end just make things more confusing. This is just not for me"
Review of Guanfacine: "My son has ADHD (combined) and ODD. Unfortunately, Intuniv did not work on my son."
Review of Concerta: "I am a 20 years old and I did exceedingly well in high school and nursing school without ADHD medication. Once I graduated and moved into the workplace, my ADHD spun completely out of control. I had a very hard time adjusting. This medication has helped me think clearly, focus on tasks and stop me from being so impulsive and rude. My appetite has gone down for sure, but I try to focus on superfoods I can eat in small amounts. I think it's important to have coping strategies and work through your ADHD before jumping straight to medications. I would highly recommend this medication for adults who are struggling, not for children though."
Review of Adderall XR: "Been on Adderall XR for a week and I can tell a huge difference in my daily life. I was prescribed 20mg once a day. I am 35 years old and I believe I have always suffered from untreated ADHD. My only complaint is with no insurance it is a fairly expensive medication but so far well worth the cost."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son was taking the 54mg for 8yrs when all of a sudden he started to get severely depressed and thoughts of hurting himself.  He was immediately taken off the Concerta. I had read about the side effects but it seem to be a small percentage of children getting this.  Make sure you read ALL side effects and the long term usage on how it will effect your child."
Review of Dexedrine: "I have ADHD and Bulimia. I read through everyone's comments and I couldn't agree more. I am a 21 year old model living in New York City and suffered from chronic ADHD/ADD and Bulimia. Ritalin would make me so jittery I couldn't even try to do anything. 1 hour of euphoria that led no WHERE. (Focalin *is new* did the same thing just paid more!) So they tried everything in every batch: Daytrana, Focalin and Ritalin.. then Vyvanse with Adderall IR or AddXR with ADD IRAnyways I looked up online and saw how Dexedrine is what makes up half of Adderall. I asked my doctor he was like "ehh" but he went for it. I've been on it ever since. I think it is the most under credited ADHD/Stimulant medicine on the market. I have no anxiety, clean concentration! "
Review of Methylphenidate: "My doctor recently switched me from Ritalin LA to Methylin ER since it comes in a generic form and is much more affordable.  Sometimes I can't even tell I have taken the Methylin ER, the performance is so sub-standard to the Ritalin LA.  "
Review of Intuniv: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD a few years ago and like most parents I refused to believe that anything was "wrong" with my son. After research I decided against medication because of the TERRIBLE reviews and side effects... until I heard about Intuniv. It has been one of the BEST decisions that I have ever made. He still has his happy little personality and still a rambunctious little boy but he is able to sit in class without bouncing off the walls and his grades have really improved. Like previous reviews he was very tired and had headaches in the beginning but like the Dr promised that quickly faded. He is 8 now and will remind me if I forget to give it to him because he says that it makes him feel better, and he sleeps like a log."
Review of Bupropion: "It gave me my life back. No more bouts of depression and I have my socaial life back! I have ADD symptoms and this helps me focus a great deal. I wish I knew about this years ago.I would never go off it now."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was put on Concerta when I was in grade 9 because I was struggling to pay attention in class and just didn't have any desire to be in school.  After starting to take it my marks in school jumped way up because I was able to now focus in school and be able to pay attention.  The only thing I find I don't like about it would be the side effects like the hot flashes, mood swings, and whenever I miss it I just feel weird and have hot flashes and headaches is another big thing I get really bad with this medicine.  But it has certainly helped me with schooling and just things in general. But it has certainly changed the ways of my everyday life."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Im actually an adult on the patch. I am 28. female. I've been trying to find the right stimulant with bearable side effects since I was in high school. Please excuse the lengthy review I just know the search can be tough and long. I have Depression, ADD, GA & SA, and OCD skin(cuticle) picking tendencies. It's been very hard finding a stimulant that didn't worsen my anxiety related symptoms. I could tolerate 5mg adderrall XR but my body burned through both the XR and IR in about 3 hours. Then I would crash for the rest of the day (depressed, irritable, anxious).  Vyvanse gave me zero motivation and made me calm but in a weird way. For example, I didn't care or worry about anything... I didn't even want to talk to people. I would just want to sit there alone and stare at a wall or something. It was nice to be that relax but too weird. But the real problem was the crash! It was the most extreme of all the stimulants I've tried by far! I took it only twice and threw it out. I almost didn't try Daytrana patch because Ritalin was actually the first stimulant I tried, which was over 10 years ago and I remember similar symptoms to that I had on adderrall. I ended up giving it a try with the logic that it might be smoother since its was for children and I was also desperate since I'm working and study for the GRE. I'm so happy I gave Daytrana a shot!! I'm telling you if you suffer from anxiety, can't tolerate the crashes, and metabolize the other stimulant too fast you have got to try this one!! I've only been on it for a week but I can't believe it! I leave it in for the whole 9 hours and I never crash. In comparison to Adderall is still the best stimulant for getting you motivated, I have to motivate myself a little but unlike adderall I can stay focused ALL day with Daytrana. Im also less likely to do something "stimulanty" like start reorganizing my closet for no reason but I do get the necessary cleaning, errands, bills etc done effortlessly. And the best part is that it doubles as an anti-depressant since, what I assume is the increased dopamine stays in my system pretty much all day and night. The "happiness" doesn't feel like a high it feels more like an absence of depression. I don't have anymore of the repetitive negative thoughts. The constant emotions of hopelessness, guilt, embarrassment, you name it, just aren't there anymore. There is still a mild degree of sadness I carry with me but I have major depression so I feel like it's only normal and I can handle that :)!! As far as the negative side effects: Like all the stimulants I've been on I still have the insomnia, loss of appetite, and increase urge to pick at my cuticles at night when it's wearing off. But there is not a "crash". no evenings being completely drained of energy, fits of irritation, major anxiety or depression. Also, the patch is applied to your hip and I'm experiencing some muscle tension in my legs which I think might be slowly subsiding. Im drinking a lot of water and taking vitamins in precaution of cramps.  Advice on taking the patch off- It's easier for me to take it off when it's wet. I do it in the shower/bath or rub it off with a warm wash cloth.  Good luck!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am 62 years old on Adderall XL for ADD, on the medication for 4 years now. I find that Adderall does help when I first take it but seems to wear off as the day goes on. I get very sleepy while on the medication and have no problem with my appetite (no weight loss at all). I asked my Doctor to raise my dosage (I am taking 20mg per day) but he does not want to do it because of my age and concerns that it may affect my blood pressure, even though my pressure is normal now. I have no side effects at all from this medicine, just it is not helping my concentration as much as it did in the beginning, I think after a while the effectiveness wears off and an adjustment in dosage is needed."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm an adult with ADD. Vyvanse changed my life. I'm on 70mg. My only problem is that I wish it would last about 3-4 hours longer."
Review of Guanfacine: "28 yrs old I couldn't take it I was tired all the time"
Review of Vyvanse: "Our 8 yr old son was diagnosed with ADHD in Kindergarten.  We tried everything. We left no stone unturned.   We were referred to a great  psychiatrist who listened to our concerns and advised us to start him on Vyvanse. He started in March 17.  To say it has been a miracle is an understatement.  While he is not yet a "A" student,  he can now work independently, is not as frustrated, his handwriting has improved.  His teachers are amazed at the turn around.  I am only writing a review because I had read all the blogs and was terrified to say the least.  This med so far has worked with only a few side effects that we are working on.ie;increased agitation when coming off of. His happiness and ability to learn is worth it"
Review of Concerta: "At the age of 10, my son's ADHD was needing medical help. He was put on Concerta18mg and was a little unwell for two weeks, with sick stomach, lackof appetite, and slightly listless. Made sure he ate breakfast before taking his tablet. He did look a little thin after about 1 year. We persevered with Concerta and life quickly improved until almost all ADHD problems had disappeared. Did not increase the initial drug dose. But after 18 months, he was becoming quiet and withdrawn. Decided to stop Concerta. Mild withdrawal symptoms for a week or so. We have never looked back. He is now 14, not on any medications and is a tall, healthy, teenager. Wow, recommend this tablet. He may need it again some day."
Review of Strattera: "I have been  taking stratter for 3months now ! I'm more tired when I take it bad I'm assuming gas pains but I don't care for it !"
Review of Methylphenidate: "This is the first and only medication we've given to my 6yo son since being diagnosed with adhd in January 2016. It works very well. We give him his dose at 6:30am during the school year and the teacher notices it wearing off by about 2pm. The only noticeable side affects were a slight decrease in appetite the first few weeks, and slightly more difficulty when settling down for bed at night.  We no longer have either issue.  It is pricy. We pay $$65/month with our insurance plan. We live in PA and have to pick up the prescription from the doctor's office each month. We've also had an issue occasionally when our pharmacy does not have quillivant in stock. When this happened we had to drive to several pharmacies to find one who had it."
Review of Amphetamine: "20 y/o college female. Keeps me alert, focused, awake. I usually wait a little bit after taking it to have caffeine, not necessary just personal preference based on how it makes me feel. Switched to it after taking vyvanse for almost a year, which was great but it eventually made me irritable. so far i have loved this medication. no side effects, but if you take a dose too late in the day it will keep you up at night. i take 5mg in the morning and then another dose when i really need to focus. shorter release so i feel like i need a nap after 4-5 hours. overall would recommend."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Wow this stuff. There are pros and cons. Pros are for the first time something used to treat my ADHD doesn't mess up my personality. I still feel like the same person and I'm still very sociable but I'm focused at the same time. Cons are that 10mg for me isn't enough.... neither is 20mg. "
Review of Vyvanse: "I've had Adderall, Dexedrine, and Concerta as well and this was by far the worst. I took it for nearly a year and had multiple panic attacks a day while on it and watched my personality turn from calm and timid to raging and confrontational. Switched to dexedrine and had much more success, but overall found counselling and CBT for ADHD to be infinitely better than any drug I've taken for it."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Was recently diagnosed ADHD 32/F.  prior to this I was always told I was depressed and had gen anxiety disorder. Was put on numerous drugs (all failed) Zoloft being the latest for anxiety and it helped (150mg). Recently was put on 30mg of vyvanse (had to stop until I was pulled off Zoloft, they didn't mix well). Today's my first day on vyvanse (last night was my last dose of Zoloft) so I feel anxious and shaky. I know this will subside. For years I've always felt so exhausted because I wake up a lot at night. Today I cleaned my car, kitchen and showered all before 9am. I'm likening vyvanse so far lol. I will post at months end to give another review since I'm still in the grey from switching meds."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have been taking Straterra for around six days now. I'm starting to notice a bit of a difference, a positive difference. I feel a lot calmer, I don't feel so emotional. I'm also studying much better. I can read up to twenty to thirty pages of lengthy legal text without losing concentration. I have a history of depression, so my psychiatrist put me on Strattera for my ADHD and symptoms of depression. I am going to review my rating of this drug in a month or so, but for now I'm quite happy. "
Review of Vyvanse: "Ok I've been on V for 3 years now cuz I've tried all the other amphetamine based "Adderall, AdderallXR,etc. Vyvanse seemed to address my ADHD issues but its almost a year since I've lost my appetite and most days I'll have a KIND bar in the morning but I take my V. It can be 8am or 11am and still haven't been able to eat. It feels like u have the flu and nothing seems appetizing, I take a multivitamin, B12 complex, as well as Iron. I have lost weight but after a year with not eating consistently but I am tired all day, crabby, my teeth hurt too "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 20 year old female. I have been taking 50mg Vyvanse for about 3 months or so. I started taking it during the summer and so my schedule of taking it was rather irregular which caused me to have insomnia and decrease my appetite. I have started school now and it works wonders. I am able to concentrate in class and I have motivation to actually do my homework. I even wish I were in school longer..strange I know. I have experienced the side effects from it, more recently though. I have noticed my heart will race for no real reason, I have become more irritable and on edge (although I'm pretty sure I was like that before), and I tend to get kind of agitated at very minuscule things."
Review of Methamphetamine: "Works well and lasts very long. This is so smooth I have no idea why it's not used more. It is really hard to find, and has less neck pain than with adderall. My dose it 10mg 2x a day."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Concerta has saved my life and I am doing great in school. I just got my progress report and I got a 3.8"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I started this medication when I was 45 years old and started back to college.  I never excelled in college in my younger years and actually made the Deans list after taking Vyvanse.  I am now almost sixty.  I really don't need it other than helping my golf game once in a while.  I just wanted to say that it is a great medication for keeping ones focus, however I did experience quite a bit of hair loss.  I only take 20mg.  I do take breaks on this medication and have noticed that my hair grows much thicker when I am off of it.  Just an FYI."
Review of Concerta: "I don't feel right,  I can't focus, I don't want to workout which I love to do, I don't want to drum which i love doing too. I felt great on biphentin despite the anger I tried concerta for a day and hated it"
Review of Concerta: "This has been life changing in a positive way, I never thought I had an issue and finally at 29 I mentioned it to my doctor who first prescribed Adderall I believe, I didn't like it. I mentioned it figuring I might as well give up, and then he suggested I try Concerta. Since that point my focus has gone up and I realize I did have an issue all these years! I don't take it Sundays to give my mind a break, only take it if you need it and don't abuse it."
Review of Adderall XR: "This drug provides great concentration for a couple hours. However, after a couple hours I predictably experience extreme anxiety, depression, and irritability. It can easily cause you to get into an argument with someone you love because you are so easily irritated and frustrated by anything. The anxiety is the worst. Being a previous smoker, Adderall increases my craving to smoke by ten fold (a habit I have quit and hardly have cravings for anymore). I also find that the drug clouds my ability to think when doing brain intensive work such as programming, math, or even typing. I think that might be related to the dosage though. I don't recommend this medication to anyone (other than those with severe ADHD)."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am a 43 old women going on to menopause. I was never diagnosed with attention deficient. As a child I could multitask anything. When I reached menopause stage it seems as though I could not remember things in general. I would forget to finish several thing I was doing.  My stepson does have attention deficient so he has been on it for some time.  I asked my doctor about the situation of my attention span forgetting not finish task. So he suggested for me to try Adderall. To my surprise, I was able to concentrate, focus on my daily activity.  So I do recommend this to any women going through this crazy menopause.  It really helps you to be yourself again. Not feel like you are going crazy."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Wish my parents would have figured this out for me when I was in School. I found out Vyvanse really helps me with my attention problems (focusing mainly). I have been taking Vyvanse for 1 year now and I'm 43. My daughter who has had attention with focusing since 2nd grade struggled all the way through high school with no medicine to help. She started college 1 year ago (when we both started taking Vyvanse) and she now is enjoying college with excellent grades even winning awards for student of the quarter and being selected for some honor club! Oh by the way in high school she was making c,d and f's and dropped out her senior year but did get her GED. She says she never new she was smart but now realizes she just couldn't pay attention."
Review of Methylphenidate: "So far so good. Love the extended delivery system. I am taking 54, does not last as long as they claim.  I am 46 just started with meds about 6 months ago. No bad side effects!"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I got diagnosed with ADHD and this is my first medicine. It helps me focus but the side effects make me miserable. I'm starving right now but I don't want to eat and my throat is dry. I can't sleep and this side effect makes it worse because I have asthma and severe allergies so I can't sleep and I have twitches bad. I twitch my left shoulder blade a lot now and sometimes it wont stop."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse is the awesomest thing that ever happened to me 4 months ago. At first I would just stare at my teachers and try to listen to them but it would just go out the other ear. But sometimes I was just down the rabbit hole daydreaming. Also when I tried to REMEMBER stuff I would get distracted because that got too boring and moved on. But on Vyvanse I can concentrate with ease. I can REMEMBER stuff without even trying to. Nothing seems boring anymore in school but I hate it how it makes me sweat a lot like under the pits .. ALOT. For me there's a major loss of appetite like I don't eat anything once I'm on it beecause food doesn't sound, look or taste good. But I do get these random cravings."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm a 40 yr old female and I've been on several different medicines before Vyvanse. I have now been on Vyvanse for about 6 months (100mg )and it has by far been the best. I even had my 14 yr. old son switched to it and he's doing better also. He has been on several that have worked for awhile then stopped. At first you might feel a little strange, but that goes away within a couple weeks. If you have this, I highly recommend trying this."
Review of Methylphenidate: "This is our second month on Daytrana for my 5 year old, who used to have many problems in school: getting into trouble, not sitting, hitting other kids, etc... It takes about 2 hrs to kick in but what a difference. He is evenly calm and listens, no violent outbursts or being hateful. He was on Focalin XR for 9 mos. too much trouble with capsules, had to grind beads and put in his drinks to drink. Having trouble at school to take second dose, he refused. Don't like red skin irritations, putting baby oil, lotion, and Neosporin as it is itchy and he scratches, breaking skin. Easy to put on at 6 am while he is still sleeping so it can kick in by 8 am when school starts. Wonderful!"
Review of Vyvanse: "Gave me back my life"
Review of Vyvanse: "Cons - suppresses appetite, and it sucks cause I'm already so thin! (Sz 4)Pros - increased attention, more social, and can think clearly, smoother movements.. thinking before speaking, calmer. I don't take it on weekends (job is relatively easier on weekends) and off days. ADHD (severe - combined type) I think those of you who are experiencing suicidal urges & depressive moods are more likely dealing with a much deeper issue."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been taking stimulants for ADD almost all of my life... Except for high school - man, did, I fall apart then. Parents, never take your children off these medicines if they're on them for a reason and doing well. I'd continue the route. This medicine is alright but I do not like the "come down" of it at all. Makes me very irritable and angry, then extremely depressed. It does give me a burst of energy which gets me motivated to start doing things and what not - which I like, but, just the come down is brutal. I don't like methylphenidate. I want to try Adderall as I heard it is less intense. Anyways, make sure you drink a lot of water on this medication and try to eat something."
Review of Metadate CD: "This made my son so extremely tired.  Also changed his personality"
Review of Ritalin: "I've been taking Ritalin (extended release) at 20mg for almost a year now. I take it for ADHD. (I also have bipolar disorder type I.) This medicationdoesn't help with me when it comes to being hyper and full of energy allthe time, but it does help with concentration. The only side effect I haveexperienced so far is loss of appetite, but not significantly."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "It has helped me very much but I do get a couple side effects that really annoy me. I get really bad insomnia, my heart beats extremely fast and I lose my appetite completely. With that said, it is a good medicine and works for some but to others it may not be what works for them."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have been suffering through ADD and Dyslexia my whole life. Together, the two work together to make your life a hell pit. Dyslexia made it harder for me to understand things and ADD made it hard for me to keep my focus long enough to understand it. I have been on and off ADD medications throughout my life, all which had negatives which outweighed the positives. I am now 17, I also lost hope in myself that I would ever be, "normal". It was taking me as least 10 times as long to complete task as my classmates. I started to become a burnout... until, I was prescribed Adderall. My head that once felt like a rock, now feels totally capable of thinking. My grades went up and now I have hope. I still have challenges, but they are manageable."
Review of Ritalin LA: "Ritalin helps tremendously with ADHD and depression. I have to keep strict to my schedule or I will slip.  It also makes me insomniatic sometimes, especially if I consume more than one cup of coffee per morning."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I like this medicine since it last 12-14 hours. It helps depression as well and it helps me in college. Without it I wouldn't be doing as well. It helps me stay on task and focus so I can get my work done. There isn't much side effects to this stimulant, maybe insomnia and a suppressed appetite but thats all. I reccommend this medicine for people with ADD, ADHD, and Depression. It really improves the quality of your life. There isn't anything bad about this medicine. I hope it works for anyone who needs it."
Review of Guanfacine: "To make this short, my son was diagnosed with severe ADHD at the age of 5. I've tried every single medication known to man. At the moment he takes 60 mg of Focalin in the morning with an antidpressant and a mood stabilizer. He takes the mood stabilizer before bed also. After school, I give him 5mg of Ritalin. Before bed he takes his other stabilizer and 3-0.3mg of Clonidine to force him to sleep. He has major anger issues. I tried Intuniv about a year ago starting at 1 mg. He seemed to be a little better mood-wise, however his Focalin would wear off at 2:00pm instead of 5:00pm. We bumped him up to 2mg He would take it with his clonidine and he would sleep, but not very well, falling asleep or staying asleep."
Review of Intuniv: "My 10 year old son has severe ADHD and Autism. He has been on Intuniv for almost a year starting with 1mg and progessively until 4mg.  While it did help a bit with his sleep at night, we have taken him off the medication with no difference in his behavior other than he seems to have fewer and less severe meltdowns.  I don't think it did much for him."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have been on Strattera for 4 months. I still find myself procrastinating a lot. I never eat, I lost 7 pounds the first week I was on it. Doctor then gave me Adderal. I find it way better except the fact it keeps you up all night."
Review of Strattera: "I am a 31 year old female and I tried strattera as my first adhd medication. I have been on an antidepressant for years as well. I liked the way this medication made me feel so much calmer. However, it gave me miserable heart burn, to where I would lose sleep and be so uncomfortable at other times as well. I also felt a little agitated but my anxiety level did go way down on this medication. I also had to take it at night because it made me very sleepy. Upon my doctors advice we decided to change to adderall er."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I have an 8 year old with ADHD, ODD & anxiety and a 7 year old with ADHD.  We tried everything before going to meds - healthy diet (no sugar/dyes), exercise, consistent schedule.  Both boys have taken Focalin XR for a year (started with low dosages and increased as they grew) and it's been life changing!  The meds have drastically improved their grades, behaviors and relationships.  Both boys take a small dose of Focalin with lunch to get through the afternoon and a small dose of Clonidine in the evening to slow things down for bedtime.  Focalin XR has been our saving grace - now instead of CONSTANT redirection, we can actually go do things and have fun.  The only side effects are suppressed appetite, but they are both a healthy weight."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My son is now going on 9 we started out with adderall 5mg XR at age 5... as he got older we adjusted and went to 5mg twice a day, however!!  There were massive side effects with the Adderall mainly moods anger frustration among many others that I noticed at the age of seven we then started Focalin ,  however when we started the Focalin my son was put on a 20 mg dose to start extended release capsule he took the medication went to school and every day after lunch when the second those kicked in he would constantly have massive rage massive hallucination massive amounts of itching breakouts among other things..... The 20 mg XR was way to strong for him. We downgraded to a 10mg XR with a 2.5mg immediate release for back. Best decision we've made"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been talking Vyvanse for just a week. 40mg. The first 3 days I couldn't sit down. I cleaned my house and my parents. Not just cleaned but extra clean, like walls and moving furniture and everything. But now it has faded a little. I noticed right away that when I am doing stuff, its like I really concentrate and try perfection for everything. My appetite has been curved, but I still eat. But no where like I did before. So far I lost 4pds. It's been almost a week. I don't get any feeling of jitters, or that I'm taking speed. I feel normal, I just want to do stuff. I'm more social. I always stayed in my home, but now I just want to go out. It's very nice feeling. I have no problems sleeping either, but I also take it as soon as I wake up"
Review of Adderall XR: "I suffer from a fairly severe case of ADHD, and take 30 mg Adderall XR daily. Having been on this medication for quite a few years now and taking an almost 7 month break from Adderall, I've gained a better understanding of myself both on and off the drug. Adderall gives me a balance in every sense of the word. It helps me regulate my emotions, gives me the focus I lack, and allows me to feel whole inside. I also feel that it helps me with connecting to others. With impulsivity as a main symptom of my ADHD and one that gets me in a lot of trouble, Adderall helps me to be more mindful when I am communicating myself to the people that I care about. Aside from the mild appetite suppression, this drug really does wonders for people like me."
Review of Guanfacine: "I am a 33 year old female. I was Ddiagnosed with ADD when I was 10 years old. I have been on all the older ADD medicines. Ritalin, Vyvanse and Focalin. This is my third week on Intuniv. I started on the 3mg dose last night. I can hardly get up in the morning. I am so tired at work. When I get home, all I want to do is sleep. I am also so cranky. I am also noticing that I am having the famous "ADD stare" often. I haven't had that in years. I started this medicine because the Concerta 72 mg I take every morning at 7am is wearing off at 1pm."
Review of Focalin: "My 7yo son has had ADHD since he was a toddler.  He started taking ADHD meds at the age of 3-- three months before turning 4.  He was already threatened to be taken out of preschool for his behavior.  He's always had an I don't care attitude, very destructive unintentionally, couldn't even sit down to watch any TV show longer than 5 minutes.  We had the hardest time finding a punishment that he actually feared until a therapist gave us 1-2-3 magic to watch--it worked!  We started him on Vyvanse, but he had 6 side effects from it. He got switched to Focalin as he grew he's now switched to Focalin XR and now up to 40mg in the morning and at lunch 5mg to get him through the day.  We love it, but it doesn't last long."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been diagnosed with ADHD and since then my life have been a total wreck. I didn't get any work done in school or focused on anything also forgetting a lot of things frequently.  I went to my psychiatrist and she prescribed me Vyvanse 30mg. The first day I took it I felt AWESOME I focused more and I was very talkative which is normal for me, anyways no change there. But since I'm 5'9 and 230lbs I need the weight loss so that's good for me. Right now I double dosed because I want this to last longer not until 12p.m."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Do not prescribe this to anyone !! This drug should not be legal. After 2 weeks it made me feel suicidal, which I've never been in my entire 33 yrs of being alive. It swung me into a severe depression and accumulated a huge amount of anxiety. This is the most unhealthy experience I have ever had. It ruined my relationship and my personality when I was taking it. I started a college class and the doctor prescribed this to me for concentration. It made me feel like I was on speed. When I stopped taking it about 6 days later I was a COMPLETELY DIFFERENT person, I was finally back to normal. Please watch your children or anyone you know who may be taking this."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "For me Adderall has changed my life remarkably for the good; without Adderall I wouldn't be able to work 40 hours a week like I do as well as going to school full-time. Yes it may be a amphetamine and  produce similar euphoric highs  to meth and MDMA, however it is far different as far as when it is broken down chemically. For those who have little knowledge in chemistry, just one small change in the chemical structure to a drug that may seem so insignificant can actually change the drug dramatically when it comes to the side effects. Adderall is a very useful drug and provides many benefits with much less side effects then the other not so good drugs in its class."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I took Vyvanse 50mg for about 4 months. As I started the medication everything was going great and I was focused. However, I was an emotional wreck while on it. People at work thought I was going crazy because I was angry at silly things, which is not my personality at all. Vyvanse seemed to work good in the mornings but wore off around 1pm. I took it around 7:30am. The medication really depends on what you eat. 12 hours is not true for me. I don't know about you but I don't have time to make sure I eat this type of food for dinner and this type for breakfast just so my my medicines will work. Some days the Vyvanse would not work at all and I didn't get anything done. Vyvanse also caused hair loss and turned grey. I'm 25 yrs old."
Review of Atomoxetine: "This medication was not a good match for me. I was dizzy, nauseous and sleepy. I had to move very slowly in order not to make side effects worse. I only took one 45mg dose. I was given a verbal list of possible side effects from the pharmacist. I tried to keep an open mind as everyone may not experience negative side effects but in this case I did. I am an adult with ADD so I was prescribed this to help symptoms of inattention. The side effects lasted 24 hrs."
Review of Intuniv: "my 18 yo adhd plus anxiety daughter takes this med at bedtime- it has changed her life.you do have to start at lowest dose and advance up to therapeutic dose- you do have to stay well hydrated to avoid constipation and low bp. The trade off in loss of almost all of her anxiety behaviors and her eagerness to now seek out activitites and social interaction outside the house is amazing. we could not have achieved this without the close monitoring of her pediatrician. our insurance does cover generic at a very reasonable copay"
Review of Methylphenidate: "Works very well in the begining. After a couple of months induces tolerance. Anyway, it changed my professional and personal lifestyles. Now I pity of the person I was. I never experienced a linear and practical thought until I used this."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My son has been on medication since he was 4 he started out with adderal 50xr and he started birding his fingernails till they bleed he got Into many fights at school and then in 2nd grade he got. Switched to concerda XR 54 and he took that for many years intill eight grade and he did terrible I. School he's 16 now and is on many medications like WellbutrinXR 300 Intunive 3 zyprexa 20 Zoloft 200 trazadone 300 he takes foclin 20 on top of that he's loves the foclin it makes him focused he dose 4 hours of on online school a day intill the foclin wears off he has very little side effects from it all he notices is he says he crashes and get tired and miserable once it wears off But he has done amazing since he was put on it his grades are Bs"
Review of Adzenys XR-ODT: "I just started this medication and I like it for the hyperactivity side of my ADHD. I have tried almost every ADHD medication but most recently was on vyvanse, with the vyvanse I had great concentration but the hyperactivity was not controlled well so she had me try Adzenys I've only been on it about a week and the taste is not that bad for being a dissolvable medication but I will say that I can't take it immediately and then go to work because I become almost spaced out. I know I probably need to adjust to it and it's great once the first hour has passed. I'm still unsure whether I will stay on adzenys or switch back to vyvanse but so far so good."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My family and I love this drug. They say it calms me down alot. I don't get stressed out about a lot of things. It just relaxes me."
Review of Vyvanse: "I was diagnosed with ADD/ADHD when I was 21. I had failed out of university, I was unorganized, felt like a failure, and was frankly quite depressed. Vyvanse helped me focus and think more typically, and I was better able to do my school work. I'm about to graduate with a GPA of 3.8 and my heart is set on a masters degree! My only issue with this medicine is the moodiness I experience when coming off from it every single evening. I try to be doing something alone at this time, since it only lasts an hour or so, but I become very introverted and irritable. I also found that I'm crazy tired in the morning and sleep in. I used to be up at six thirty every morning! But the benefits far outweighs the cost."
Review of Vyvanse: "Works better than Concerta for ADHD-IA for attentiveness as well as alertness. Far superior to Concerta in regards to affecting sleep. Vyvanse doesn't keep you awake. Also seems to contrast greatly to Concerta's method of dealing with attentiveness. Makes a less "zombie-like" state of concentration and lets you break task when needed. An added effect is that of a more positive sense of well-being; most likely attributed to its amphetamine-based nature.The greatest advantage is the delayed release into the body. Great for those whose metabolisms don't react well to Adderall XR or Concerta. Only wished it lasted about two hours longer in the body, but adapting dose time is acceptable."
Review of Focalin XR: "I have tried every ADHD drug medication available, both brand and generic (Ritalin XR, Ritalin IR, Adderall XR and IR, generic mixed amphetamine salts, Daytrana, Vyvanse, Strattera, some I can't even remember, if it exists, I've almost certainly tried it. ) Focalin XR is the only one that works. Naturally, that also means that insurance companies don't want to cover it. If you're trying to get it covered and they're dragging their feet, don't give up! You have to jump through a lot of hoops and you have to fight every step of the way. Get your doctor to help you and talk to them. Do NOT give up. Insurance companies love to make it as difficult as possible for people to get effective meds. Don't let them do it."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 21 and currently suffering from ADD and Depression. The Vyvanse has done wonders for me! I can finally concentrate. I do feel as though I have absolutely NO appetite, but it doesn't bother me because I don't eat much anyway. Things are finally looking up. I'm on 20mg."
Review of Bupropion: "I started taking 150 mg of bupropion (the generic Wellbutrin) and after a couple weeks doubled it to 300 mg after my doctor told me to. Exactly one week later I broke out into the biggest, puffiest, itchiest hives all over my body. My joints also became swollen, stiff, and painful. My throat was also sore and tight. I ended up in the ER. WHAT'S REALLY SAD IS THAT IT WAS WORKING WONDERS FOR ME! I studied half as much and it was twice as effective, my test grades were great!I'm now trying to decide between Effexor or Straterra."
Review of Adderall XR: "Diagnosed 3yrs ago, participated in Strattera study, did not help at all. Finally started Adderall 20mg XR two days ago. Main difference is the absence of fatigue and quieted mind. I can actually sit and not have to argue with myself, overwhelming feelings gone for the most part. Insomnia straight away first night, hardly any sleep again last (2nd) night, underlying headache now. Definite loss of appetite, appreciate the lost lbs but still have to eat!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "When I began taking Adderall in my early 20's, from dose one I could say I feel "normal" for the first time in my life since I was a young boy. I was happy and life had meaning and a reason. It allowed me to become productive, and I loved this new feeling of well being in both mind and body. It came after a decade of severe depression, anxiety and panic states, and a multitude of psych issues, and I was like a person on the outside, but inside a disease of agonizing mental anguish and physically I hurt of severe pain but no physical evidence that I was like a 20 year old young man who was only alive because I would not die. A tablet of Adderall changed my life and it is my key to life worth living."
Review of Adderall: "I was diagnosed with A.D.D and I've been using Adderall for just over 2 years now. My 9th year of school I finished with a very low GPA just over a 1.0 and finished most of my classes with either Fs or Ds but this past year that I was able to get my medicine I was awarded AB Honorle And passing every class with an A except 2 Bs. The mass improvement of my ability to focus and actually want to work actually made the principal think I was cheating since i've had such a bad school record (For grades)"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was previously on Adderall XR before going on Vyvanse. My reason for switching was because I suffer from BED as well, which this drug is basically a miracle drug for. As far as how this drug functions as an ADHD med, I do not think it is as effective as Adderall but it does last for a really long time, which has its pro's and con's. If you take it too late, you will have a hard time sleeping and if you want to go to happy hour or grab a drink that day, because this drug takes anywhere from 9-11 hours to leave your system, you won't be able to feel the effects of alcohol or the effects of the alcohol will all kick in at once Vyvanse leaves your system (be warned). But if you want to get a lot done during the day, its good."
Review of Strattera: "I am a 27 year old male, on this drug for 3 weeks so I can't really comment on it's efficacy, as it takes 2-4 weeks to start working. All I can say is it didn't help me. I took 40mg for 7 days, then went up to 80mg for 2 weeks. I had to stop taking it because of the side effects - I was getting severe irritability to the point where I was yelling at the top of my lungs at people for minor mistakes and generally grumpy. Based on this and other side effects - needing to urinate far more regularly than usual, heart palpitations, feeling down for no good reason and insomnia - my doctor decided it wasn't right for me.This is a rare reaction which is unlikely to happen to you, but if you get it, tell your doctor."
Review of Concerta: "I am in grade 12 and I have been on concerta since grade 3. I have noticed I am underweight and I have trouble sleeping at night. But concerta has helped me focus in school, but I just wish it didn't come with some of the side effects."
Review of Concerta: "I am taking 54mg for inattentive ADD its only been a month of taking Concerta without breaks, but I feel I have the general feeling down. I can focus with minimal distraction. After 3 weeks I am feeling the loss of appetite, lost 6lbs in one week and there is only a period of about 5 hours I can feel it work, during that time I love the motivation I get and am more social. All in all it does what it's supposed to but for only around 5-6 hours, after the working period I am easily aggravated and my ADD is worse than ever. My anxiety was high at first but after a month I feel like it is less of a problem for me. "
Review of Focalin: "I started taking this medication 1 month ago and have had absolutely no ill effects from it. My first worry was not being able to sleep once I heard the word "stimulant". Not an early riser I set my alarm clock to go off at 6AM just to take the pill!  Now I am taking it much later and have absolutely no ill effects.  Seem to have more energy, sleep better and starting to get some things accomplished instead of dabbling in two or three different things."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I was a happy but chaotic woman with ADHD. I am looking for a substitute for Ritalin because although it worked miracles for my lack of attention an organizing skills it eventually wore me out. My new neurologist suggested Strattera (80 mg/day ). At first it made me very tired. After a few weeks Strattera changed me into an emotional wreck. Crying every minute for no reason. I'm still in hospital. I'm so tired of trying something new and hoping it will make the fog in my head disappear. But we're back to square one. No more Strattera fore me..."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was originally on Concerta for my ADD and got extremely depressed and almost suicidal. I then switched to Adderall which I took for 4 years without many problems, until I developed a tolerance to it and my dose got so high that I was getting a bunch of side effects. I tried Strattera, which I did absolutely nothing and made me really sleepy. Then I switched to Vyvanse which worked about the same as the Adderall but I wasn't as irritable and didn't have the same loss of appetite. However, I did start to develop acne, which I didn't realize until recently was being caused by the Vyvanse. I've also developed a major dependency, if I don't take it, I have trouble doing daily tasks and I'm really tired."
Review of Vyvanse: "I started taking this drug 6-7 years ago for school and planned to quit when I graduated because it made me anti-social, increase tobacco usage, and want to play video games all night. It was really effecting my personal and social life, plus I hated all of the physical effects (heart rate, cold hands, sweat). However, I enjoyed the high it gives you, and continued taking it after graduating. It helps lock you down at the computer and make boring work less boring. Now, I cannot stop taking it. Every night I lay in bed saying "Ok I have to stop this"., then the next morning I wake up and can't resist taking it. I am going to tell my doctor to cancel my prescription because the cons HEAVILY outweigh the pros."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD when he was in the first grade.  At the advice of his then doctor we did not treat him with any medications.  My son is the sweetest, kindest kid and wanted to please everyone (teachers, parents, etc).  However, he struggled so much with academics and general life organization.  Homework time was a nightmare. By the time he was in 4th grade I broke down and took him to a doctor to try medications because something HAD to change. Vyvance has changed his life for the better. All of his grades went up in a matter of weeks, his homework is completed correctly and neatly before I even get home, and he will even tell you he feels better in general.  He also tried Adderrall but that just made him very hostile."
Review of Wellbutrin XL: "I have been on Wellbutrin for several months and am amazed at how it has helped my ADD. My anxiety and sense of being overwhelmed is so much better. However, I'm finding that 4 to 5 hours after taking my pill I am having severe dizziness to the point where I feel like I"m going to pass out and all my limbs are about to go completely limp. It almost feels like an out-of-body experience and I'm losing control. Not good since today it happened while driving my car - lasted for about an hour and then subsided. It's happened many times during the day while I've been at my desk working. So, I see my doctor this Thursday and am hoping that I won't have to go off it. The side effects of the stimulants that I've tried have been horrible."
Review of Concerta: "Today was my first day taking concerta. I am 19 and have pretty severe ADHD and a little anxiety that coincides with the ADHD. I took 36mg at 8:30 am and kicked in at 10. I definitely noticed it, I felt alert and energetic but not focused, and I still found myself pretty forgetful before leaving for work. By the end of work I felt really emotionless and had a head ache, and when I got home at 6 I began crying for no particular reason. After crying I felt much better and focused very well on school work. Now I feel happier but surprised by how much of a roller coaster the whole day was. Overall I'm not sure this is the medication for me, hoping this reaction is normal and it just takes some time to adjust."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This has worked very well for me. Am able to get things done without being all over the place, and actually feel great overall."
Review of Adderall: "I'm a full-time college student in my mid-20s. I've been on Adderall for 3 months now. I cut my 15mg IR in half and take it in the morning and the other half 3 hours later (and another half after 3-4 hours if needed). I don't take it everyday, I probably only take it 4x a week. If you don't have an addictive personality, you won't be addicted to it. I have to say it works really well with my ADD. I'm able to study for hours at a time. I don't necessarily think it makes you smarter. It just lets you focus on a task without getting distracted. I think my only complaint is sudden mood swings and agitation. I definitely noticed a difference in my personality the days I'm not on it. I get angry very easily and irritable."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I take 20mg Adderall XR daily for ADHD. I feel extremely productive, focused, and proactive while on it. My first day taking it, I usually am a normal eater, I could only eat a sandwich bag of pretzels before losing any appetite. That night, despite eating almost nothing, I biked 21 miles (my standard biking route), without stopping, in record time, without even feeling exhausted. Now, each day I take it, i feel very intelligent and concentrated, and come up with ideas easily, as well as feeling great all of the time. In my opinion, Adderall is the greatest thing to grace humankind, and I would suggest it to anybody who has difficulty focusing, especially if you are overweight. I lost 25 lbs in my first 3 months taking it, though."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I love it because it helps me focus and it also helps with my anger problems but best of all it helps with my appetite."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 19 years old and started taking 50mg Vyvanse today, being diagnosed with ADD. So far today, i haven't any problems focusing and actually WANT to get my work done. It did take around 2 hours to start working, but there were no jitters. I never thought ADHD or ADD was a problem of mine, but it does run in my family."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have been on and off Strattera for last two years. Strangely enough besides some dry mouth and dizziness at the beginning I have no side effects at all. I went up on my dose to 75 now. The only problem is that it is hard for me to say if it works or not."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "This is a miracle pill. It has helped with everythingAnd I don't have am appetite hardly at all now. But after 3 weeks of being on 50 mg it stopped working until around 3 in the afternoon and I feel very tired. Doctor is supposed to hopefully up my dosage. But it really is the best and gives me a happy good energetic mood. Better then Adderall."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse has been a fantastic medication. It is far better than other medications that I have tried. It last all day and when you take the right dose you don't notice it kicking in and you don't notice it when it wears out. I take it first thing in the morning at 5-6. I was taking 20 mg and that seemed to work well. I am currently on a two week trial with 30 mg to see if this works better. This is a medication where it works best when you find the sweet spot. Just because you don't notice an initial buzz does not mean it does not work. The other very important factor is caffeine . This should be keep to a minimum as the combination will light you up . If you feel anxiety, don't have any coffee, you will. See a real change. (:"
Review of Mydayis: "I wanted this medication to work because I often forget to take my second generic adderral dose on time. However, Mydayis is not the wonder drug I wanted it to be. It takes up to 2 hours to kick in (something they hide in the facts) and even though I "worked" this drawback by waking up earlier to take it there wasn't enough positives to keep me taking it past week four. It lasted about 6 hours before it quickly declined and leaving me with even worse ADD symptoms. It was so bad I couldn't have a conversation or focus enough to make dinner without skipping into laundry, cleaning, or some other distractions. Without the use of any medication I have never had symptoms this bad. If this wasn't bad enough I had horrible nausea and indigestion."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am 23 years old and have been on Concerta for over 2 years. I can tell you, as all of you have mentioned, that the first initial response my brain had to this medicine is efficiency. I went from not knowing if I could make it through school, to getting myself back into school after a year or so off. I went to college, and started taking Concerta. I had straight As for quite a while. I went from 18 mg, to 27 mg. I have noticed, within the past two years, that my brain has become very used to the drug. I have tried not taking it for a few days, because I don't want to depend on the medicine. However, I do notice after a couple days off of it, that my mind doesn't work at all. I feel like my brain is non-functioning; like I can't do anything."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My son is 15 now and we have struggled for years with his ADHD. He has now been on Strattera for 2 years and has gone from straight D's in maths to A in achievement he can concentrate more retain information and does not lose it as he uses to. I have seen no side effects at all. At one point he went off it, lasted 5 days then chose to go back on it as he could tell that it helped his behaviour and way of dealing with things. I have only good things to say about Strattera."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My son began taking Strattera about 3 - 4 years ago.  He had a bad reaction to Adderal, so the doctor tried Strattera as a non-stimulant.  He first started 18 mg once a day, no noticeable change. Then increased over time to 50 mg once a day.  He wasn't defiant, but just didn't (doesn't) care to do much of anything.  4-6 weeks ago he started having "tics". Not putting the two together, last month his doctor increased to 60 mg a day and the tics have continued to get worse.   He's also been more depressed, having panic attacks, and anxiety.  He goes to school, but gets nothing done.  Went back to his doctor and she know has started taking him off this medication.  I hope the tics stop.  He's scared and this continues to add to his anxiety."
Review of Adderall XR: "Probably the best medication, compared to the others. The best thing you can do for taking it for long periods is to stay on a consistent dose."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son almost 6 started on Daytrana right around 5 yrs old. We went from half a 10mg patch to a whole 10mg patch.Really it's whatever we need that day. It does work. Positives for us: concentration improved, attitude solid.Negatives: if we leave the patch on from 8-6, we are up until 2 or 3 am if we do not give melatonin to help sleep. Appetite severely decreases on medicine, days without medicine he's eating like a horse.Overall the medicine has more positives than negatives, I just would like more understanding on how as a parent to be able to handle all this."
Review of Strattera: "I'm only on day 1 with 40mg dose, but I noticed the front of my brain hurts and I'm endlessly thirsty. Getting up and sitting down has made me a little dizzy also. Hope it gets better with time or I'll ask doc for a change of meds."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Amazingly effective for numerous symptoms.  Starting this medication helped bring about the most dramatic positive changes in my life."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "A miracle pill. First time in my life I finally feel normal and can function like a normal person."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been diagnosed with ADHD since I was 6. I am now 26 years old and just 3 years ago I wanted to be retested just to make sure if I even still have ADHD as bad as I did when I was a kid and of course it hasn't toned down. I have taken Ritalon and it made me very angry at night and a zombie by day. I have also taken Adderral, which I like and maybe might switch back. Vyvanse really helps me focus gives me a positive attitude and more energy but I get the worst migraines at night every night. Ritalin gave me headaches as well and I can barely sleep. I thought maybe I needed a new mattress so I bought a great one and still waking up a thousand times a night. It has its pros and cons like everything else."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was diagnosed with extreme ADHD a few years ago. The doctor prescribed these for me and I noticed a huge change in about 3 wks. I didn't realize how badly I needed this medication! You really suffer tremendously or at least I did for most of my life not only from anxiety and lack of focus plus couldn't multi-task. Definitely a big change for me in several ways and little side affects. I drink a lot of water which helps with this medicine and I never take it past 4 pm and it works amazing! Definitely recommend seeking this medicine out if you suffer from any of the issues I have my whole life!"
Review of Daytrana: "My son has autism, ocd and adhd.  This medication has made a tremendous difference!  Before Daytrana, he was taking timed release Focalin xr capsules. We had to empty the capsules into a spoon for him to swallow with water because he cannot swallow pills.  We also tried the liquid compounded form.  Both forms were short acting because he couldn't swallow the capsule so he had to take it 3 times per day. Because he was not getting a steady, controlled dose, he was not as focused as he is now with the Daytrana. He also had sleep difficulty for two years while taking Focalin. Not any longer! He can focus, eat and sleep. He does have red skin underneath the patch which disappears after removal."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I refused ADD/ADHD medications my entire life until I was 21 years old and doctor finally convinced me to try it. After struggling academically for years and years, now as a college student I am receiving near perfect grades in every course. Before Vyvanse, I thought these medications were a joke, but I now admit that I was wrong."
Review of Ritalin: "I am an adult female. I was prescribed 10 mg once a day. My counselor advised my Behavioral Health MD to treat me for possible ADD/ADHD. I'm also taking clonopin and Ambien, which might account for my reaction- Ritalin made me sleepy and kind of depressed! I was really surprised, as I'd never heard of that reaction. Also taking Lamictal and Trileptal for bipolar. Hm.... I sure would like to know if others have this reaction, or if upping the dose would possibly make me not so depressed."
Review of Focalin: "My daughter is 9. She has been taking Focalin for 1 year now and she is alarmingly thin. The doctor suggests that we should just feed her more food when she wants to eat. My daughter has always been a thin girl but now she looks sick, but on the up side this medication works well with her ADHD. She can focus and she even has friends now that she is not hitting people. My daughter is actually pretty smart but you would have never knew this before Focalin."
Review of Focalin XR: "I am a adult, recently diagnosed with ADD.  Probably had it my whole life, but now I am doing something about it.  My doctor prescribed this medication, and at first, I was so focused and improving my error ratio's at work.  The only thing even after increasing my dose, it wears off.  By 1:00pm, I am tired and can go to sleep.  I think I am going to ask my doctor to give me the non extended so I can take it in the am, and pm.  Other than that, it is a great medicine, and I don't have the non-appetite side effect, in fact, it makes me want to eat more."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I had mild trouble sleeping and developed Raynaud's after 2 years of taking this."
Review of Mydayis: "Not at all what I expected. Have used Vyvanse with success, but went back to adderall, more flexibility dosing. Can take a second dose during the day if necessary, or not. Mydayis takes an unusually long time to kick in. Have found that I am much more irritable, foggy, and have experienced feelings of being overwhelmed at work doing things that I normally handle day in and day out with no problem. I am for the most part easy going, everything seems to annoy me since I began using Mydayis. Also have experienced headaches during lag times, body aches, and flu like symptoms. A lot of the time I feel worse than I do un-medicated. Do not like Mydayis at all. Will not be refilling."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 19 year old college student and just got prescribed Vyvanse about 2 days ago. When I take it I mainly feel relaxed and sometimes excited. I've never been on any stimulant or ADD medication before. My main concern is losing weight on this medicine. I'm about 5'9" and weigh about 135lbs. I eat a lot and I'm still fairly skinny. I've always worried about my weight and the last thing I want is to get skinnier. "
Review of Adderall: "While Adderall definitely helped my ADD symptoms, the comedown was absolutely horrible. I was on 30mg per day (20mg IR in morning, 10mg IR 5hrs later). It made me finally able to focus, and stay organized for the 5 months I took it. However, as soon as it started wearing off, I turned into a real big jerk, and I even lost some friends because of it. I eventually discontinued it after having a mental breakdown, and due to several of my closest friends and family approaching me about how I was acting. I ended up switching to Concerta and currently take 36mg per day. I find that it works 10 times better than Adderall did for me. Long story short, Adderall, while definitely very effective at treating my symptoms, wasn't the right fit for me."
Review of Concerta: "25 year old, with major depression. Take with other medicines (Sertraline   trazodone) greatly helps interest which the others don't. Probably inattentive ADD- never got on in school. 18mg is good. 27mg is okay but I'm a bit paler and a bit edgier. Any more and I look and feel washed out and jumpy."
Review of Adderall: "I've tried straterra, Dexedrine, Ritalin, vyvanse.  I would take vyvanse but it's way too $$.  Generic adderall has been the best as far as cost and effects.  The only thing I have disliked is the connotation adderall has because I can tell some doctors are against it. I have had two doctors lecture me on how something else must be wrong because I take 75 mg daily.  I tried to switch to the XR and lower my dose to 60mg, but insurance won't cover it.  This medication has been really helpful for me, but I feel like I need it because without it I'm a wild ape (hyper, make silly noises, annoying). It keeps me calm and focused on the big picture.  I would use modafilin if I could because the side effects are less pronounced, but again the price."
Review of Methylphenidate: "We love the patch. The results with Daytrana are amazing. He still eats before applying and after taking off, his personality hasn't changed, just his behavior. The only negative thing I can say is the red mark the patch leaves after you take it off, my son always says it itches."
Review of Focalin: "My Don started taking Focalin and started to complain that he could not see the board at school. At first I figured well maybe he is just a kid who needs glasses. His prescription was very low. Now a year and a half later his principal from his school called me because he failed the state eye test with his glasses on he has a 20/50 vision. So I took him back to the doctor and they could not correct his vision with the strongest prescription. Everything is blurry and out of focus, he lost all peripheral vision on both eyes. The doctors first question was "What medication is he on?" So I advised him Focalin 10mg. He advised me to immediately go to the doctor who prescribed it because it is a severe side effect of Focalin. Grrrr"
Review of Strattera: "I was diagnosed with depression/ anxiety after I failed several add medications due to severe constipation.  Recently, l learned about taking probiotics for constipation and tried Strattera again.  Wow, what a difference.  I am much more emotionally stable/focused than I have ever been.  Anxiety disappeared.  Depression is almost unnoticeable.  I'm on Pristiq 50mg for depression/anxiety and two days ago, I upped my dose of Strattera to 60mg.  I was at 40mg for 30 days and I was much more stable emotionally, better focused & functional.  So far, at 60mg, I'm fully focused and no longer feeling slightly tired.  Side effects wise, slow urination is almost gone.  Sexual side effects are moderate and dry mouth is slight. Give it time to work!!!"
Review of Adderall XR: "I have MDD, GAD, and ADHD. The worse trifecta in my opinion. The reason why is because when I start treating one disorder the others get worse. Well I had gotten my MDD and GAD in check and on to treat my ADHD so I was given a very low dose of Adderall XR (10mg). It was way too over stimulating for me. I had so much anxiety that I couldn't even focus which is what Adderall is supposed to help you do. So I switched over to 5mg Adderall XR and while my anxiety didn't shoot up like the last dosage it still was ineffective."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I'm 36 yr old female who has been on Strattera for 8 months. When I started back to college full-time my focus was a mess and it took me hours to write the simplest of papers. Growing up I greatly struggled in school and clearly it was due to undiagnosed ADD. As an adult I was diagnosed w depression/gen anxiety but never found much relief from medications. Once I began the 80mg dose of Strattera, I was sleeping better, able to focus in class and at home while tackling work and much of my anxiety is gone. Over the break my dr suggested some people take a med break , so I did -- now realizing what a huge difference it made for me. Side effects in the beginning were heartburn, but I took a Xanax w dose and it subsided in about a month."
Review of Adderall: "Great medication. I was doing tasks again and talking to people again. The only down side is I want something more 24hrs. The instant release tabs had peaks and after the peaks I would have massive anxiety and the same was with the extended release. It's a great medicine but not for me."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This medication is to my brain like glasses are to a pair of eyes with poor, blurry vision. Personally, this medication is what works best for me. It isn't perfect, but it is better than nothing. I have ADHD inattentive type, and I also have social anxiety. I understand, this is a stimulant so of course it will make my anxiety worse. But I feel more motivated and more confident in myself and my abilities. I resent taking this everyday, but I make sure to take this prior to school or work or any day I need to deal with responsibilities.  Also, take it after you eat breakfast if you can. For me, the benefits outshine the negatives."
Review of Concerta: "My current dosage to treat ADHD and depression is 37 mg slow release twice daily, morning and noon.Although the medicine does not completely relieve my ADD behavior (distraction, sillyness, loud speaking, impulsive acts, lack of sustained focus, poor listening skills) it does permit my mind to focus better and to self regulate my actions. I am also doing therapy and my wife spends a great deal of her considerable intelligence and thoughtfulness to improving my mental health and in consequence, our married life.The medication certainly helps to motivate for work, meeting and talking with people, and generally feeling a sense of my ability to function."
Review of Desoxyn: "I would give it a 10 but will err towards conservative and give a 9; only because it has a high abuse potential and humans are inherently prone to some type of addiction.  It has pretty much NO side effects if taken as directed for adult add and after 5 years on it, I feel it has stabilized me more than any others.  Adderall is second place for me but it is more likely to make me irritable after therapeutic effects wane for the day.  I have taken Desoxyn before and fell asleep!"
Review of Methamphetamine: "I've been taking desoxyn for 6 yrs now for ADHD and TRD (treatment resistant depression). Before this I had been mostly bed bound for nearly twenty years due to severe depression until I switched pdocs.  I am SO glad I did! Now when I wake up in the morning I have hope, and now I am actually happy to be alive.  Long ago I tried ritalin, but had only bad effects.  I'm no longer a burden to my family! The day I started it was like a switch turned on and life turned around. I graduate from college soon and even have a fiance and friends. Unbelievable! I tried so many things (inc ECT) before this drug and can't understand why this wasn't tried FIRST? If you have been suffering like me beg your doctor for this.  I hope this helps someone."
Review of Cylert: "No better ADHD drug on the planet and I have tried them all.  I started with cylert and Wellbutrin in 1997.  My life changed, I cannot even describe how much.  I became the person I always knew I could be.  2005 the cure was taken off the market.  After so many different drug attempts and extended periods without any medication.  I'm now on Vyvanse.  Let me tell you it does not hold a candle to cylert but I thought I was somewhat closer.  I have done my research and the "cure" still exists.  I was so happy to ready the above comments.  I feel a little less alone."
Review of Adderall: "I do not like taking medicine but had extreme anxiety and trouble paying attention before.  I wish I took this before been a few days and more so much more focused.  I haven't misplaced phone or car keys"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I started taking Vyvanse about 2 weeks ago. I am 14 years old I have noticed a huge difference and school and my grades have good from d's and f's to a's and b's. I LOVE YOU VYVANSE"
Review of Adderall: "Adderall is amazing.  It really works. I've never really been one to take medicines, even tylenol, but this drug has changed my life. Old me was cranky, according to my wife."
Review of Methylphenidate: "took this halfway through 10th grade to through summer. First experience after being diagnosed with add so in attention without being hyper. No motavation from this almost made me feel worse with serve exaustion and depression I felt like every day was a chore and I wasn't as happy I used to be and my friends said I wasn't as free spirited or fun. Gave me social anxiety also and shaking. I would highy recommend adderall xr I switched to it and got none of the side effects but all of the results. I feel like I can function and am more social than even without medicine and I also can plan out my thoughts and lists of what I have to do and homework. Concerta sucks take adderall instead"
Review of Strattera: "I'm a 43 y.o. female diagnosed with ADD or ADHD at the age of 30-it's actually the inattentive type if you want to be specific. I kind of knew I had it most of my life because my bro and father had it.  was prescribed ritalin-had energy....but increased my anxiety & insomnia (1-2 yrs)  . Only lasted 4-6 hours but racing thoughts & heart palps at night. Now at 43-I had to ask Dr. repeatedly to prescribe Stratterra-non stimu-helps tremendously w/ anxiety & I can focus somewhat better. Tired in the day but I can complete tasks faster-sleeping much better :) Bonus: I pee less during the day. Took about 1 mo to kick in- side effects: tingling and tiredness. Got used to it."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Calms mind for focus."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Yes, this medication does work wonders, at first.  Diagnosed ADHD (by a Psychiatrist)  at the age of 26.  The first 3 years it worked quite well and felt like a godsend.  I took 5-6 days a week and my life demonstratively improved.  Focus, completing tasks, mental clarity, improved self-esteem...life was good.Adderall, like other CNS stimulants, tend to become less effective after time and I noticed this more pronouncedly by my 5th year.  At that point, I felt trapped by the drug and tried to stop.  The problem was that even after a month or more without Adderall, none of discontinuation symptoms were improving.  While I continue to use Adderall for maintenance, I derive little benefit.  Be aware, the effects won't last indefinitely!"
Review of Clonidine: "My 5 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD just yesterday, the Behavior Specialist said his was one of the worst cases that she had seen in a while, she had suggested putting him on a stimulant medication, I told her i would like to  a non-stimulant medication first and she prescribed him Kapvay. My son took it for the first time last night before bed, he went right to sleep and when he woke up this morning he was the calmest most pleasant, helpful and nicest he had ever been in his life. I could not believe the overnight change. I'm so glad it worked so fast, he has not gotten in trouble once today which is a new record! His teachers are going to be thrilled on Monday! Thank you to the makers of Clonidine!"
Review of Bupropion: "I've been on Wellbutrin for over a year now and I will probably be on it for the rest of my life.  I have a dry mouth occasionally, food doesn't taste as good as it used to, and it makes me sweat a little more than normal, but without this medication I would be in a fetal position, in bed and crying most of the time.  I would never even consider going off of it. I've tried for just a couple of days and the old symptoms of sadness start to set in.  I took Zoloft for a while and it made me gain weight and I just wanted to sleep all the time. I was a zombie.  If it weren't for Wellbutrin, I would probably be a recluse.  Nothing interested me and I didn't want any social interaction.  Now, I can't wait to get out and be around people. GOOD!"
Review of Vyvanse: "56 yrs old. Tried Ritilin 15 years ago but stopped halway thru my first prescription because there was an edginess for me. I've experienced too many jobs and excuses since then so i've just started on Vyvance. Its just four days but my mind is focussed, not hyper just comfortably clear. I'm very happy to be so productive. Eating well, sleeping well. I will add an update in a month."
Review of Vyvanse: "I had my college finals coming up and I couldn't get myself to concentrate so I got my doctor to prescribe it for me. I was able to concentrate but the thing is, I have a lot of anxiety, and by taking these pills, it just makes everything much worse. I got really anxious and upset at the end of each exam, even if I knew I did well. I never had this type of behaviour before taking the pills."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have a son that has struggled with an attention problem in school since kindergarden. He is now 11 years old. We tried everything not to put him on medication. The homework struggle and impulsiveness became too much for us to handle, and we finally agreed to try something. His doctor told us about a new ADHD medication called Vyvanse. Believe this or not, it was like magic the first day. He was able to get all his work done in class, and went from a A,B,C student to all A's and one B in one quarter. We have the report cards to prove it. The side effects are minimal and for him the 30mg works great. I encourage anyone battling this problem to ask their childs doctor about Vyvanse. It has changed by sons life as well as ours."
Review of Atomoxetine: "This drug does help me calm down and focus (it also really helped me with my anxiety) but the side effects of vomiting, feeling like I don't care about the world and my head is squished in, and ultimately my inability to stay awake throughout the day left me asking my doctor for a change of medication. For reference, this was my first medication used to manage my adult ADHD and I started on one pill for three days and was moved up to two and these side effects worsened with two pills."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My son is 13 and was put on Focalin for his ADHD when he was about 7 years old. It did not make him a zombie at all. My ex=husband was very concerned that it would do what Ritalin did to him. Focalin for my son just calmed him down enough to do his class work . He was first just taking one in the mornings and then as he got older and got more class work to do we realized that it was not lasting him so he got put on a low does for in the afternoon. He grades improved so much and yet he still had a lot of energy to blow through."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Diagnosed 3yrs ago, participated in Strattera study, did not help at all. Finally started Adderall 20mg XR two days ago. Main difference is the absence of fatigue and quieted mind. I can actually sit and not have to argue with myself, overwhelming feelings gone for the most part. Insomnia straight away first night, hardly any sleep again last (2nd) night, underlying headache now. Definite loss of appetite, appreciate the lost lbs but still have to eat!"
Review of Adderall: "I was diagnosed with ADD at 21, as a junior in college. Before Adderall, I was an average student. I had a short attention span and difficulty efficiently completing tasks. The first time I took it, I read long passages and retained all the information. I actually follow my professors in-class. I didn't dread studying anymore; I actually kind of enjoyed it! I couldn't believe it. Within 2 semesters, my GPA has gone from a 3.1 to a 3.5. There are only a few downsides that come to mind. First, I have trouble falling asleep at night. Next, I get irritated when studying/tasks are interrupted. Also, coming off of it, I feel extremely tired for at least 3 or 4 days."
Review of Aptensio XR: "My 9 year old has been on 40mg for almost 6 months now. It worked great for the first 4 months, then its effectiveness wore off. He developed a "TIC" about a month and a half ago, and then a month ago he started getting very moody. Its just gotten worse as the time goes on. This is frustrating because we have tried a bunch of medicines and 2 have worked but it seems after 6 months the side effects hit full force."
Review of Adderall: "I've been taking Adderall for 3 years and have experienced extreme nervousness, loss of appetite, trouble sleeping, dry mouth, dizziness etc. Adderall is not for all."
Review of Intuniv: "Have been on intuniv for about a month now. I feel like I have been crawling out of my skin and emotionally very upset. I feel at times I could break down in tears over a commercial, or when my kids hug me and tell me they love me. I am normally a emotionally reserved man and keep them in check because of my line of work. I really do feel like I am going nuts on this medication. I have officially stopped taking the medication until I can talk with my doctor."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Good with increased mental focus and less distractions by activities that were going on aroundme. I have nothing negative to say about the Adderall. It has improved my ability to control my attention and give me greater intensity in thinking and reasoning."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My son is 9 years and  we just found out that he has ADHD but since he has been on his medicines he's been really good at  school. "
Review of Atomoxetine: "This worked great for my ADHD symptoms. My family noticed an immediate improvement. I did get a little bit of weight loss, but that was good for me (38 years old). My biggest problem was that it caused erectile dysfunction and a strange lack of sensation in my prostate area, even at low dosage (18 mg/day). It was sufficient to stop use.  I am on Adderall XR now which doesn't do nearly as well.  My doctor is going to try me on some antidepressants as they also influence the norepinephrine levels.  If you don't get the erectile dysfunction then this is a great medication."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse is a wonderfully great med. For about the first month you take it. I'm on 70 mg and have been for a little over a year. It worked just as I wanted it to but the started to wear off and now I only feel the affect for about 3 hours then I get angry really fast. Also if I forget to take my morning doseage I just feel like I'm dying all day so I rate it 7/10"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "Patient has had diarrhea at times since beginning this medicine nearly a year ago."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "It would be nice if everyone put the dosage in the message.   There could be a correlation to the score and the age of the child.  I have noticed age is usually there but if you were to list dosage, age, and sex - it would be great."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Much better than Adderall that I've been taking for 12 years. My heart doesn't race, the dry mouth effects aren't nearly as intense. There are no more highs & lows! Love it."
Review of Focalin XR: "My son started taking this at 6, he was violent with family members, and would not pay attention in class, refusing to do homework, sometimes hitting other kids. He had never been  on any other behavior modification medication before. We noticed a big difference when he started taking Focalin XR. His teacher started sending home good notes. He was doing well in school, but by the time he got home the medication had worn off, and we were dealing with the same problems. Now he has been on it for 2 months, it seems as though his body has just gotten used to the medicine and his former behavior had taken over. Now we are consulting his Doctor to see if the medication needs to be increased, or where to go from here."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I'm in high school, and just got prescribed to 30mg Adderall XR. When you take it, it starts to work in 30-45 minutes. You are supposed to be able to feel the effects for around 10 hours I believe, and I only feel them for 6 or 7. I feel the full effect for 3 or 4 hours and then they gradually weaken. I told my doctor that I get bored listening to the teacher talk for an hour straight, and get distracted very easily. I thought that the Adderall was going to make me pay attention and not get distracted, but the only thing I have noticed so far is that it makes me very neat with everything (which comes in handy at times). However, it seems like whenever I take it I'm in a good mood. Overall I like it."
Review of Strattera: "I had such high hopes for Strattera, but it was completely ineffective and actually made my condition worse. I wanted it to help me focus on work: sending emails, making phone calls, generally being able to work at a computer and other things. I started at 40mg a day, and found myself slightly more tired. I raised it to 60mg a day and seemed to get more tired and less motivated to get anything done. Finally I went to 80mg and still no help with focus. I just found that I was lethargic, unmotivated and tired. I took naps and lazed around, but didn't get as excited about things as I had before the medicine. My job requires creativity, and it's hard to be creative if you're not excited about it. So I actually became LESS productive."
Review of Mydayis: "I was prescribed 50 mg. 1st day I could literally feel the release of the medication. During the lag of the release I would get headaches, become tired, irritable and frustrated with every situation and conversation. By evening time I couldn't carry a conversation without forgetting prior known facts. Saturday ,I was completely not myself. On top of how I felt Friday I was emotional, had down thoughts, I couldn't follow a time line: I was late for everything. Sunday seemed to be better but not by much. Monday..horrible it was like I added Friday and Saturday symptoms together then add in horrible chest pain, shortness of breath, constant feeling of about to faint, fever, flu symptoms, hot/cold, exhausted but not able to sleep, & more symptoms. I refuse to take another dose"
Review of Atomoxetine: "I see a lot of mixed reviews on this. It's obvious this drug is EXTREMELY helpful on some and on others its completely ineffective, and can even do harm. My suggestion is to try it out for a month. If you don't feel the effects of it, try it for another month and if you still don't then switch to another drug. If you start feeling agitated by it, get off it immediately. For me strattera has worked wonders. I am 18 years of age, and have noticed the effects after my 4th week of taking it. My mind feels clearer, and I feel more motivated to focus on things I would usually find boring. The effects are reflected in my ACT score: my score has gone up a whole 6 points since first taking it. I wholeheartedly recommend strattera to anyone with ADD."
Review of Concerta: "I am 18 and I've been on Concerta for just over a year now, and I took an extra year of high school to catch up, I went from a 60 in math to a 90, I felt like I had a whole new brain. Like others, I was a funny, outgoing, active person but I now find myself completely content with being alone, infact I prefer it. I easily become irritated by spending time with others. I've also experienced uncontrollable mood swings, and I spend a lot of time crying. Lately, I've been losing focus though regardless and my dosage is already at 54mg. I'm so happy with my grades, and in the beginning I was myself, but in the past few months I've become a machine, and all I think about is how much work I need to do."
Review of Guanfacine: "My 9 year old son has been taking Intuniv for about a year now and has greatly improved his behavior, mood, impulse control and more. Both myself and his dad suffer from ADHD as well but need Adderall to manage. I was so happy to see a non-stimulant medicine work so well. The only problem we've had is excessive weight gain (excess of 30 lbs in 1 year). To the point its very worrisome. Appointment is set to switch to something new."
Review of Adderall: "I have used this medication for over three years, with great success in combating lifelong inability to maintain focus, or to complete tasks, get to work on time, etc., etc.Recently, my physician informed me that the manufacturer of Adderall had quit making immediate release tablets (was taking 1-2 20mg/day)- and switched me over to Vyvanse 40mg time released. Now I'm having problems sleeping, feel generally depressed. Doubt they quit making Adderall/as my doctor said...and think it is more likely the authorities was coming down."
Review of Ritalin: "I have been using Ritalin 10mg for the past 3 weeks now. I am 28 years old and i suspected for a long time now that I have ADHD. Not being able to concentrate or focus, prioritise tasks and having depression (i am not taking medication for this) caused a lot of anxiety for me over the past 4-5 years. Ritalin has helped alot with my studies and kind of calms me. I am pretty quiet when i take it also. Its great for if you need to use it for work or study , but for everyday use I wouldn't like it.- In the first 45mins it gives me a slight euphoric feeling.- Makes me want to do productive activities.- Causes slight headaches if i don't drink plenty of water.I would recommend it.(I have tried adderall in the USA and that was even better)"
Review of Concerta: "ADHD makes life challenging enough, when the medicines that have worked for you for so many years are not longer available, the challenge grows. My doctor put me on this medicine and lowered the dose ...it's not working. "
Review of Amphetamine: "Eh, it's better than adderall but vyvanse is still a lot smoother.Gave me horrible indigestion and heart burn as well as extreme anxiety and chest pain."
Review of Atomoxetine: "while taking strattera it didn't really help with my ADHD but it did cause unwanted nausea and once I reached my target 80mg dose I began to get extremely hot then started to sweat a lot and finally threw up the strattera."
Review of Concerta: "My daughter has A.D.D. so we tried Concerta. At first it was fine I thought there was hope for my daughter but after two months my daughter started to get angry and really bad mood swings Super emotional. She told me when shes at school she wanted to to scream and yell. She wanted to throw things. SHE didn't. MY daughter is very quiet and shy and keeps to her self, I am so happy I took her off of it. "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Switched from Adderall to Vyvanse because I was experiencing negative side effects. Even on the smallest dose of Adderall I was anxious, had trouble with public speaking, and would have pretty bad mood swings. On Vyvanse I finally feel like a 'normal' person. My mom noticed a difference on the first day, and I no longer feel hopeless and discouraged while doing school work."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Concerta has made me more focused and things seem to be easier to understand for me. I am 36 years old and was diagnosed with ADHD. This is a wonderful medication and for me, life changing. I now know I needed this medication for many, many years now. And so far no side effects, sleep better and still have my appetite. I have more energy and I don't procrastinate anymore when I need to do something I just do it without procrastinating about it. Exercise is also easier, which is good because I am overweight and need to lose some weight. I seem to be able to interact with people a lot easier and now I can have a conversation with people without blurting out things before I forget what I want to say and having to pause in between sentences."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm writing a review to hopefully help others who haven't taken Vyvanse yet and want some information on what to expect. I felt REALLY uneasy and nervous prior to taking my first Vyvanse dose and it was honestly not worth the worry. I started at 40mg to help with my ADHD. I read lots of reviews how it makes you feel high and super active. I felt a little bit of a buzz but not high. It was just a pleasant feeling of happiness. I'm sure it's different for everyone, but mine wasn't extreme. I also felt like I had more energy, but not enough to obsessively clean my house like others that left reviews. Definitely take it early. It will keep you up otherwise. Only complaint so far!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Ok, to begin with: Vyvanse has dramatically improved my life. I am a 20 year old college student and I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 19. I have always been a bright student, cheerful person and an overall hard worker but Vyvanse has "improved" me. I feel that it allows me to monitor and control my thoughts and actions in a way I never seemed to be able to before. Effects I experience from Vyvanse: Improved concentration, ability to focus clearly on a subject or task at hand, ability to switch focus and not "obsess", improvements in grades, & ability to plan/schedule/prioritize activities. In the end I feel like Vyvanse has made the dream me reality, I can finally accomplish my goals."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I have ADHD and Bulimia. I read through everyone's comments and I couldn't agree more. I am a 21 year old model living in New York City and suffered from chronic ADHD/ADD and Bulimia. Ritalin would make me so jittery I couldn't even try to do anything. 1 hour of euphoria that led no WHERE. (Focalin *is new* did the same thing just paid more!) So they tried everything in every batch: Daytrana, Focalin and Ritalin.. then Vyvanse with Adderall IR or AddXR with ADD IRAnyways I looked up online and saw how Dexedrine is what makes up half of Adderall. I asked my doctor he was like "ehh" but he went for it. I've been on it ever since. I think it is the most under credited ADHD/Stimulant medicine on the market. I have no anxiety, clean concentration! "
Review of Adderall: "I've had a wonderful experience with Adderall! It helps me focus and get up to do the daily things that need to be done plus more!"
Review of Strattera: "This medication sucks. I took 20mg Adderall XR, which worked wonderfully for my ADHD, for a month, but had to get off of it, because I have Tourette Syndrome and Adderall aggravated my tics. My physician then put me on Strattera. It is extremely expensive, since it is patented until May 2017, and I was given a sample 6-week starter titration pack (from 25mg to 80mg). I took a 25mg capsule last night around 7 PM, and an hour later, I was nauseous/lost my appetite, and I experienced sexual dysfunction (it took over an hour to reach a burning, painful orgasm). The next day (today), I am constipated and depressed. I'd recommend clonidine or guanfacine before trying this garbage for ADHD."
Review of Guanfacine: "My 8 y.o. was prescribed this medication to help with her aggression and hyperactivity. It did not help her, at all. I feel she had actually gotten a little worse while taking it. She had a lot of trouble falling asleep.. she would wide awake at midnight, when 1am some nights. Besides the trouble sleeping issue, she only seemed to experience one other side effect, which was nausea, but only on the first night. I gave it one month and then told her Psychiatrist that it wasn't for her."
Review of Concerta: "I have been taking conserta 54 and 36 (legally )for many years now the only main side effects are that it cause you to lose your appetite , twitch a bit. I don't think its for everyone."
Review of Adderall: "I have been using Adderall for about 2 years now. I am an adult male at the age of 25. I always had an issue focusing in school and I have had a "rocking" issue my entire life. I tend to rock back and forth while reading or sitting about. It was very difficult to complete homework because I would try to figure out the answers to my homework problems but my rocking would take all of my focus and no matter how hard I tried to stop the rocking, I would always end up doing it anyway. As I attended college I was put on academic probation and decided to see a Doctor. Since I have been diagnosed and prescribed Adderall, my life has changed 100% for the better. No more rocking and my focus is incredible!"
Review of Vyvanse: "I first took Vyvanse about a year ago, was up to 50mg a day. I found it extremely helpful, but by late afternoon I was angry at everything and everyone. I decided to stop. I then tried a few other medicines (Strattera and Concerta). Strattera didn't really work as well as a stimulant and had very negative effects on my sex life, and Concerta didn't really work at all. I was ready to give up, but decided to give Vyvanse another try. This time I lowered the does to 30mg, and only took it during the work week. WOW - it made a huge difference. I'm not seeing the same side effects that I did first time. So it is clear to me that I was over medicating. Anyways, just thought I would share."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 18, and alongside my ADD, I suffer from major depression disorder, objective defiant disorder, and major case anxiety. After an emotional breakdown on a school trip, my doctor started me back on my Zoloft and once I got that stabilized he started me on Vyvanse. We started at 40 and that worked while I was taking my Zoloft at night, but when I moved it to the morning, we had to up the dose to 60mg. I have experienced nausea, dizziness, increasing perspiration, and a little insomnia, but they don't last too long. I have also been struggling with weight pretty much my whole life. I started on May 2nd and I have lost a little over 20lbs."
Review of Strattera: "I'm just starting the journey of the medication. I never wanted to be on meds cause I am a chef and did not want my taste buds affected. I have to say in one week I feel really hopeful, less irritable and focused and CLeAR. I can see my goals clear and am knocking things out one by one and not so stressed.  It's working as a anti depressant too. I'm excited. I really am. I'm reading that the journey has just began but I'm going to see it though. Adderall is a mess and we use it for a buzz and to be high all night. I actually am done with those days and want to start to get my life on track. How is it with drinking? I don't drink much but since I began to be a working chef we have a ton of wine pairings. Would be nice to join in with clients"
Review of Strattera: "I have only been using it for 3 weeks. I am 38 years old and only now been tested for ADHD (it seems I have had it all my life). Now I can sit still in one place longer, start and finish a task, etc."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My daughter is taking Vyvance and she is seeing people following her, she thinks her phone is being tapped and she believes there are people monitoring her entire behavior. This is a really freaky side effect! She has a predisposition for Mental disease."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I love how it makes you more focused on one thing. But it has too many bad things to it. First you have loss of hunger for a longer period of time. Then you get this bad stomach feeling like barely fainting or puking. Your muscles start to twitch and you annoying and hostile. I also feel like crying at random points and is pretty emberassing."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have gone through alot of medications so far and I am completely frustrated with the extended release medications. I was so happy to start my son on Vyvanse because of the advertisement stating it last for 12  hours. Not so, it last probably 5 hours, why take extended medication if you have to give an afternoon dose? He has been on up to 70 mg of Vyvanse for a year now and I am thinking of switching him to a different medication. Vyvanse does take care of his hyperactivity but, the lack of attention and defiance is still there.  Also, the medication takes 90 minutes to kick in. The doctor told me to give him a booster dose (10 mg. of Adderall) with the Vyvanse to kick in earlier, does not work. "
Review of Atomoxetine: "Strattera works great. I am able to focus and am able to do more tasks at once, which my job requires. I am now able to sit down for more than 10 minutes at a time and read, write, and study for my college classes. The only thing that bothers me is that I sometimes forget to take my dose of medication. Other than this instance, I am able to function better as a person!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "On it for 5 months now, and all I have to say is WOW. I have battled nervousness, anxiety and a very, very low stress threshold for all my life (I'm 32 now). It all changed when I started taking Concerta. Started with 16 mg., and felt a lot more relaxed, but also started to develop a foggy kind of feeling in my head. After 2 weeks the dose was upped to 36, and the foggy feeling subsided a bit. Then on 54mg. 2 weeks later, it was like I could see things more clearly. My memory improved, I'm 'sharper', actually feel smarter. All of my anxiety, nervousness etc. is gone. cons: had a persistent fungal infection for a while (on my foot) allergic reaction (redness), & slight tinnitus, but all in all very, very satisfied. A life saver for me!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 15 year old son stated taking a 50mg dose of Vyvanse last spring.  We were elated with the initial response.  His attitude and outlook improved greatly, and performance at school improved.  His appetite dropped off too.  After 6 weeks of taking daily doses he began vomiting.  We ended up taking him off this medication because of the vomiting. "
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Adderall 30mg/day = you feel like a genius, work hard, EYES OPEN WIDE. But at the end of the work day, I still couldn't stop myself from falling asleep on the skytrain at around 4:30 pm when I try to read. Don't think it helped much with depression and anxiety.Dexedrine 3 10mg/day = You have tunnel vision, Focused, block out distractions, helps with my severe anxiety. I think the depression is pretty under control too. Can read all day if I want. Could have really used this when I began my studies, 4 years ago! Not a month ago, with one course....Either one, I think you perform better at work and school, but Adderall just wore off, so studying after work, you would still need coffee, or a power nap"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 16 years old, and I've just recently started taking Vyvanse. I just started taking a new pill for my depression. Zoloft, which started helping. But I could notice a HUGE difference with Vyvanse right away. I am much more talkative, been in a better mood, less lazy, and I actually don't mind cleaning my room every now and then. I used to fight with my boyfriend all the time about things, which I now realize should have been no big deal at all. But now, things have changed. I'm excited for school, even because I want to see if Vyvanse will help me bring up my grades and concentrate better, instead of falling asleep in class. Some side effects I've noticed though is not having an appetite, and talking too much."
Review of Vyvanse: "Diagnosed in late 80's as having Attention Disorder - however my grades were always pretty good that my mother and doctor did not put me on medication. As I began my career years ago, I noticed I had trouble staying on tasks and my impulsiveness at work was causing me problems. Worked with Behavior Therapist and that helped for many years. However, I still struggled to stay on deadline at work and that stress led to issues in my personal life. Started taking Vyvanse 30mgs 3 mos ago at the age of 36. For the first time in my adult-life I feel that I have my act together. Still follow what I learned in therapy over the years - which I hope will help me stay at a lower dose. I pay $250 a month before my deductible is reached then 80% after."
Review of Strattera: "Worked for a half year, then I got paranoid, depression and ADHD started to show, and had really bad headaches."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Yes, this medicine does work very well for paying attention. It also can be used when you need it and can stop and start use (you can just take it on schooldays even just important school days if you want). It's good that you don't have to ruin your weekend with the bad side effects. If you just take one like I have for five years you'll focus but by noon you'll be a zombie that hates the sound of people trying to make pointless conversation. "
Review of Guanfacine: "I started taking this drug after trying many stimulants that didn't work.  For some reason ADHD stimulants just raise my blood pressure and make me feel crummy.  When I first started on Guanfacine 1mg for ADHD it was a life changing drug.  Like after taking it for a week you start asking yourself I wonder what my life would have been like had I found this drug sooner.  This drug helped me read, focus, and also helped with motivation, anxiety, and impulsiveness.  However after about 2 months all of the positive effects of this drug were gone.  I switched to Intuniv the extended release version because I read that it worked better.  It did not help and all I got was the side effects.  I gave this drug an 8 because it was great while it worked"
Review of Strattera: "Taking it for adult ADHD and it doesn't work.  Still focus in my classes, no appetite and very moody, coupled with insomnia.  "
Review of Adzenys XR-ODT: "I have taken Adderall XR for several years and found that long acting amphetamine was the best treatment for my ADHD. However, I frequently had issues remembering to take it in the mornings and would often forget to take my medicine. Adzenys XR-ODT is so convenient in the blister pack I remember to take it, and the orange flavor is great! It lasts all day andI don't get a bad crash at the end of the day like I used to with my Adderall XR. Also, got first month free and pay only $25 per month with co-pay card"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 20 years old and I have ADD. I have been on every medication under the sun. I've been on the lower dose of Vyvanse for about a year and 1 week on the 40 mg. It has turned me into a monster. Side effects, I have been temperamental, irritated, easily annoyed. Mean to people close to me for no reason. Tired of school, want to give up school, dizzy. Feel like on autopilot going through the motions not really there, don%u2019t care anymore, isolation. My eye sight has been whack since I started higher dose. Have had chest pain not often every once in a while. I am happy during the day but at night. "
Review of Atomoxetine: "This is the start of my 3rd day in this medications. I am in 25mg once a day. So far I notice it makes me a little sleepy, dry mouth and gives tingle sensation on my head. Although benefits so far have been that I passed my quiz for college 100% and was able to FINISH multiple tasks yesterday! Only third day so we'll see how it progresses with my body. AGE: 21, 110lbs, F"
Review of Adderall: "I am a 43 old women going on to menopause. I was never diagnosed with attention deficient. As a child I could multitask anything. When I reached menopause stage it seems as though I could not remember things in general. I would forget to finish several thing I was doing.  My stepson does have attention deficient so he has been on it for some time.  I asked my doctor about the situation of my attention span forgetting not finish task. So he suggested for me to try Adderall. To my surprise, I was able to concentrate, focus on my daily activity.  So I do recommend this to any women going through this crazy menopause.  It really helps you to be yourself again. Not feel like you are going crazy."
Review of Strattera: "I was a happy but chaotic woman with ADHD. I am looking for a substitute for Ritalin because although it worked miracles for my lack of attention an organizing skills it eventually wore me out. My new neurologist suggested Strattera (80 mg/day ). At first it made me very tired. After a few weeks Strattera changed me into an emotional wreck. Crying every minute for no reason. I'm still in hospital. I'm so tired of trying something new and hoping it will make the fog in my head disappear. But we're back to square one. No more Strattera fore me..."
Review of Intuniv: "My son is 7 and just started Intuniv about a month ago. He has ADHD, BiPolar and Intermittent Explosive Disorder. He is currently on a lot of medicines. They started in on Intuniv because he was unable to focus at school and extremely hyper. With him being bipolar it is very hard for them to treat his ADHD because the stimulant medicines make him go crazy. He tries to hurt himself and others while on those. He is on 1mg on the Intuniv and we've yet to see any good effects from it. He has never been able to sleep well, they told me this would help with that. But sadly it hasn't. He is on a sleeping pill as well. He still tends to wake up very early in the morning. Some mornings it's 2am some it's 4. They told us to go ahead and add another sleep aid."
Review of Concerta: "I was diagnosed with ADHD in 2nd grade. I have been on medication ever since (I'm 31 now). I started Concerta in high school and I must say it did very well to get me through class in college. I was even in my majors honor society. Now I have to say I think the years of various medicines have caused some real adverse reactions. I'm very depressed and moody. I've gone from being the big go getter in my company to borderline at best. Worst of all I have a new son and my anxiety is really getting in the way of me enjoying him."
Review of Adderall: "Was the only drug that was effective"
Review of Concerta: "The only reason I gave Concerta a 2 and not a 0, was because when I didn't take it for two days I could feel myself going through a withdrawal. I would begin to feel tired, annoyed and angered easily, some headaches, and so on. I have been on Concerta for about 13 years and even with it in my system I still struggled in school. At first they had me on smaller doses, but they had to be increased. I've been taking 108mg each morning and the only thing that I have noticed a difference in is the withdrawal I go through, which can be helped by drinking coffee. By the way, I'm currently on the drug right now and I'm supposed to be studying for my spanish exam that I have this afternoon. So if that doesn't tell you something then idk what will."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I've been on Strattera for a month and am currently taking 60mg a day for ADHD and anxiety. I'm also taking Lexapro and Buspar. So far, I've experienced no side effects and this has been almost a miracle. My anxiety is almost gone, I am able to think more clearly and concentrate on work and other obligations. I'm much less impulsive than before taking Strattera and I tend to think things through before acting. My only complaint is the cost. My insurance doesn't cover my medicine."
Review of Mydayis: "I can't believe all these negative reviews! The only praises I hear are ones that sound like "stage actors" who are planted in to these websites and being paid to boast about the wonders of this medicine. This medication was created because Shire no longer held the patent of Adderall, so came up with a new drug for doctors to push so Shire could make more money again-  at the same time, all the generics of adderall that ones were so great, are now weak and inferior. I've never been so depressed and feel there is nothing to look forward to anymore after having adderall pulled out from underneath my feet. I just plug through my days just to get the day over with. My family suffers due to BIG PHARMA GREED!"
Review of Vyvanse: "My son is 6 they started him off on Concerta he seemed fine we had minimal complaint the only downside is everyday around 7 he would be in moods over silly things, but it would pass. Now the Vayvanse had him in "HULK" mode as he would describe it. He was very snappy and angry and became aggressive with the kids at school, (which was never an issue before). I hated that stuffed. I'm beginning to realize that finding the right meds is going to be a HUGE task."
Review of Strattera: "Diagnosed with ADD this year, I initially wanted to go without medications. Being a senior in college I have deadlines, and I noticed my grades suffering significantly. I decided to give medications a try. My doctor prescribed a 6-wk starter pack of Strattera (25-80mg). I noticed a difference in attentiveness but after week 4 I felt lethargic, unmotivated, sad, impatient, VERY irritable, and depressed. I didn't go to class, didn't turn in homework and my grades took a deeper dive in that month. My psychiatrist then prescribed Vyvanse (30mg). I have been on it for a month and it helps ME stay focused without losing sleep and decreasing my appetite, best of all my grades are improving! My worse side effect is dry mouth.Hope this helps(:"
Review of Adderall XR: "I am 22 years old. I have been on just about all ADHD medications. For the last 4 years I have been on Adderall XR 20mg (just got put on Adderall XR 30 mg). This drug is amazing in helping wake up, pay atteinoin and working better. "
Review of Daytrana: "My son is 10 yrs old and has ADHD. He has been on the patch for 4-5 months and the only side effects that he has is a redness where the patch was. Other than that, its a miracle patch. His grades have doubled and the lowest grade he has gotten is one C. He wears it from 5:30am-3:30pm. I love it, it calms him down and he is happy to do his homework. I can only praise this medicine. Some will give negative and positive reviews about the patch because it will effect everyone differently."
Review of Guanfacine: "My 13-year old son is ADHD and has oppositional defiance disorder. He takes Adderall for his ADHD and 4 months ago we added Intuniv. He complains of being tired and he is only on 1 mg of the Intuniv. I have concerns because he is becoming increasingly aggressive and emotional. I do not know if this is a side effect of Intuniv. I'll be taking him back to the doctor and I don't think we'll be continuing the Intuniv."
Review of Adderall: "This drug has changed my life. It has allowed me to focus not only on my job but also things at home that need attention. I feel smarter, I can think better and clearer. I find I tend to make lists and start checking things off the list as they are accomplished. I never start something and do not finish it as I did before. I look forward to it. I enjoy work more. I feel less stress and anxiety. I do not feel it is habit forming. There have been times when I have forgotten to take it and I did not notice it. The only difference is normally when I have taken the drug I don't have an appetite and when I forget to take it I tend to eat a lot."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I've been really pleased with the way vyvanse has helped me. On Vyvanse I'm not moody or lifeless like I had been on other drugs. My appetite is still very small and this is kind of a problem because I'm really light anyways. However, if I eat before I take it and snack on healthy things during school hours I don't crash when it wears off. With Vyvanse I've realized it's possible to control my ADD and keep my personality! I was VERY nervous about starting a new drug, but Vyvanse is really the best thing I've tried and my grades in my AP classes are better than they have ever been."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 30 year old woman, recently diagnosed with ADD.  I always knew there was an issue there because I have always been extremely irritable/short-fused, indecisive, impatient, impulsive, forgetful, anxious, etc.  I somehow busted my butt through school and even managed to get my Bachelors degree but this came with re-reading lines of texts, taking several breaks while studying, and telling myself to focus constantly.  I usually stare at someone talking but don't know what was said because I was thinking of something else completely.  I couldn't remember movies or conversations to save my life.  Docs said it was anxiety and increased the dose constantly.  At 30mg and 4 days on Vyvanse, I feel great.  Only headaches here and there but I'm hopeful!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I used Ritalin when I was in 1st grade. Until I was in 6th grade these tablets helped me a lot with ADHD. But I outgrew the hyperactivity. The reason I rated it a 9/10 was because in 6th grade the medicine was working well but I was on 200mg of it so the doctor had to take me off of it fast. Then I had a Ritalin crash in a overnight hospital. But other than that it is a great drug for treating ADHD. It helped me pay attention and not to jump off my mom's dresser (the dresser story is true about me)."
Review of Strattera: "Strattera was like water through my system, dirty water; did nothing except give me terrible distress: Stomach aches, terrible constipation, nausea, constant dry heaves, and, at last, vomiting that almost had me fail my last school semester. Oh, did I mention the irritability at all the side effects?Had to quit cold turkey"
Review of Concerta: "Ive had a history abusing Adderall here and there due to my addictive nature so being prescribed this medicine raised concerns between my family and doctor. Because of my horrible ADHD we decided to give it a chance and its nothing compared to the 'kick in the nuts' Adderall is known for. My grades have improved in school, my mood is slightly elevated and my cavings for sugar have ceased. It has not affected my sleep and so far works great. This is my experience and everyone reacts differently. I highly suggest this medication for anyone like me who has ADHD and possible addiction issues. Its rate of abuse is very slim because it seems to 'ceiling' like Suboxone for opiate addicts. Lets go build some robots!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have been taking Adderal  for 2 years now (3 of the 30mg tablets a day). It's a great way to get your work done in school and anything else you may need motivation to do. It also makes me more social and interesed in things I wouldn't normally be interested in.The bad thing about it is that if you go even one day without it you eat 3 times more than you usually would and you feel irritable and agitated.overall- coudlnt live without it"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Did absolutely nothing for me. Even on the highest dose 70 mg. now taking Adderall 30 mg 2xday. Works only minimally. Now what."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I would like to say that Adderrall really works, it helps me concentrate, and get things done, My mind doesnt race, and I am able to focus. I do experience the dry mouth, and the loss of appetite.  And I was experiencing a lot of headaches when I first started taking it, and it would be migraines starting from my temple to the pressure in my eye.  I did a self experiment before I completely stopped taking the medicine and began to drink TWO GLASSES of water. 1 before my pill then wait 10 mins and drink another glass of water with the pill.. And through out the day I kept drinking water... And I have no more headaches... Drink water!!!! ALL DAY!"
Review of Methylin: "It works really well. I've improved on my listening skills and concentrating on things. I've managed to get much better grades too."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I've been on vyvanse for about 2 days now and I can't believe the difference from the other two medications I've tried. (Adderall and Focalin) I was diagnosed about a year and a half ago, I was not diagnosed when I was younger, which would've have really explained a lot.  First I tried adderall, it didn't do much but make me a bit irritable, and still not focusing was on 50mg a day 30mg in the morning and a 20mg in the afternoon, and I didn't notice a thing. Next was the generic of Focalin, which dild absolutely NOTHING! With vyvanse I feel like I can concentrate on one thing at a time, and not have the urge to start 10 other things.  My doctor put me on 70 mg in the morning, it's a bit of a slow start, but once it doesn't its a very productive"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I use Daytrana for Adult ADHD. Unlike most other ADHD medicines (except maybe Vyvanse), it is very smooth, meaning there is no crash at the end of the day, or big jolt in the morning.  I just feel very calm and I can concentrate much better and it's the best ADD medicine I've tried. I take 30mgs and keep it on 12-16 hours. A few things in reference to other raters. Some doctors allow the patch to be on for 24 hours.  That would help with the child that had problems in the evening (something to ask your doctor about). The patch was originally designed for 24 hours (so there is enough medicine in the patch to wear it that long), but during clinical trials, there were skin issues hence the 9 hour limit. "
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Was on Dexedrine for 10 years. Loved it. Just stopped last month because I had tachycardia and an ectopic arrhythmia. Both started about 2 years ago, and I only recently had confirmed that both are non-existent when off of Dexedrine. Have been taking 30mg/day. Switching to Strattera tomorrow, hoping it can provide all the benefits of Dexedrine without the heart issues!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "The actual effects were great. I did not experience any negative effects except for nausea on the first couple of days. "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm a 22 year old female who was diagnosed with ADHD Inattentive subtype following my freshman yr of college. I've been taking Vyvanse for 3 yrs now (initially 30 mg, now 50 mg) and finally feel like I'm living up to my potential. For the first time ever, I am able to stay organized, complete tasks and actually show up on time! My only complaints are lack of appetite throughout day (ravenous at night) and the desire for a cigarette for the first 2 hrs after it "kicks in" (never crave one when I'm not taking Vyvanse). "
Review of Adderall XR: "I have always known I was intelligent and a doer, but I could never finish a project or class work without starting another(2-3 really!) projects. Therefore I would always get depressed and feel worthless, I couldn't handle small talk and had extreme anxiety when I had to go to church because I couldn't sit still for more than 20-30 min without wanting to burst. My mom always found ways to teach me to calm myself down in different situations but she didn't understand how bad it was. She also didn't believe in medicating her children. I wish I could describe what my first 5 employers said about me when I left their companies. I will just say this, Adderall XR 20mg once in the morning has seriously made the difference in my life."
Review of Vyvanse: "I had been taking vyvanse for a little of a month now for adhd and binge eating. it has worked well so far. I'm able to concentrate and have a little more energy. I felt no side effects at all,and I'm one who is scared to take a vitamin. I was on topamax for binge eating and it was the worse experience in the 37 years of my existence. I had already managed to loose a little weight on this so far."
Review of Focalin: "My 10-year son has ADHD (combined) and ODD. Focalin XR so far is the only medication that works on my son's inattentiveness. However, on 15 mg he was very moody and glassy eyed. Found out later that he was overmedicated. What I didn't like about Focalin was that he became very quiet almost Zombie like. Also, the medication did not last in his system long enough. He stopped takes Focalin XR over a year now and has been on Vyvanse (70mg.) I am considering putting him back on Focalin with a lower dose."
Review of Concerta: "I am 15 and have been on Concerta since 6th grade I have never really felt any side effects besides loss of appetite in the afternoon. But just last year I started getting muscle spasms and I began to zone out often at school. Even more recently I have began to have trouble with sleep and slight depression. I have tried getting the concerta switched for something else but its the only medicine that helps me focus in school and help me get good grades. I mean don't get me wrong it helps a lot but I'm not sure why I'm just getting these side effects"
Review of Methylphenidate: "Not good for me, migraines were terrible and had tongue swelling. I went on to Stratarra which I found better"
Review of Methylphenidate: "but makes me feel dizzy."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son is on Vyvanse, now so am I. First, my head is clear for the first time ever. No 90 mile an hour uncontrollable though, no wondering ideas, no day dreaming. I don't feel drugged. In fact, I feel drugged when I'm not on medicines now. I didn't know what it was like to be "normal" prior to this medicine. The only issue I have is the stomach problems. Some slight stomach pain and bowel issues. I also stopped drinking caffeine and have adjusted my diet to be more well balanced. It's helped a lot. If you're new to Vyvanse, don't drink caffeine! Water only, and adjust your diet for high protein in the morning, it's a must.  Change your diet and quick."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I've been taking this medicine for about 1 year now. I think it is great. I have been able to do better in school, and focus more at work. I am also able to sit still, and not move around as much."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm eighteen and I've had ADD all my life, though I'm only now trying medication for it.  Daytrana helped me a little, but my dosage was too low.  I started out on the 10mg patch.  The biggest issue with it was weight loss.  Now, let me begin by saying that before the appointment where I was diagnosed, I had just eaten lunch.  Shortly after starting Daytrana, I caught a cold that lasted about two weeks, recovered, then caught another two-week cold.  I did notice that I was less hungry while using the patch.  Didn't eat breakfast before my checkup,  My weight went from 120 to 114 lbs.  Doctor took me off Daytrana and switched me to Stratera, which has been a nightmare.  While on Daytrana, I felt more awake, but not necessarily more focused."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Prescribed for ADD and excessive daytime sleepiness. Very good at helping me focus when I need it. It also works TOO well for my fatigue, I went from feeling like a narcoleptic to having insomnia. I had to cut back on my prescribed dose because it was too much. I take only 5mg when I need it. Even though this medication will wake you up, you absolutely must manage your time and get some quality sleep, because most side effects come from lack of sleep. Be careful with this as it can be habit forming and addictive. The key is to eat well and sleep well when on this medication."
Review of Concerta: "My 13 year old son, and 9 year old daughter both have been diagnosed with ADHD. I, nor my husband could wrap our minds around our kids taking medicine, but were forced to give it a try. My son started taking Concerta when he was in 4th grade, and my daughter started taking Vyvanse in the 3rd grade.The results were amazing! Their handwriting went from sloppy to super neat, reading skills increased, grades were mostly A's...and many more great results! The bad part about the pills are that they have SO many side effects that were making them seem like totally different people! They were skinny, depressed, had Insomnia, headaches, twitching, and angry. We withdrew both from public school and started Homeschool. Now learning at our own pace!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "Side effects are nausea, inability to eat, dry mouth, however, as a grad student, this is an excellent medicine to take for focusing in studying and on exams.  However, when I am in the clinic I do not take it."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Well this medication has worked VERY well for my ADHD! It helps me concentrate and makes my mood overall more lifted! I Notice energy and a desire to do work and complete tasks instead of being a lazy couch potato like before. Side effects: Anxiety, Depersonlization and Derealization on this medication sometimes makes you feel like a robot! And heart rate goes up also! But it worked much better than Adderall. Adderall gave me bad anxiety and higher heart rate! Much stronger and more positive mood from Dexedrine. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've had ADD my whole life and just started take this year I'm 19. Pros-You take it in about 30mins it kicks inYour heart starts pounding you feel a high and then you can focus on something for about 2-3 hourCons-It makes you focus on one thing so if you want to do anything else you can'tIt gets rid of your hungerGive you horrible headachesMakes you mad at anything when it wears off Makes you want to take more and more to feel that high again I really don't recommend it."
Review of Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: "Fish oil is such a wonderful alternative to medication! We were opposed to medication due to nasty side effects and other reasons, but with fish oil, there are none, and yet our son's focus has improved drastically. I would absolutely recommend both fish oil and Krill oil for focus, just make sure it's a high quality fish oil that is toxin tested."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "As a child I always had problems with being very hyper and I couldn't pay attention like other children in my class. My teacher noticed it and told my mother about things that could help me. My mother had me tested and put on Adderall. Within a week I can honestly remember a change. At first it made me feel very funny and zombie like but after it got in my system my family said I was totally different person. I also suffer with dyslexia, but this medication helped me with that too. I was put on it when I was 7 years old. When I was 20 I stopped taking it since I was out of school. I couldn't hold down a job and things just got really bad for me. Then I had my baby boy and decided I had to be put back on it. Best thing that happened to me."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 20 years old and just started taking this medication because I was having trouble in school wrapping my head around the massive amount of data we have to learn at school. I have noticed a HUGE improvement on my comprehension while reading in my book, and much more interested and focused on everything my instructor says during the period of class time, and I actually remember it. It helps me complete my projects in school and stay focused on one task instead of walking around aimlessly wasting time seeing what everyone else is doing and saying "I can just do that tomorrow, or later on." I can finally sit down and get things done the way I should be. No crashing at the end of the day, or jitteriness."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I never had ADD or problems focusing and staying motivated before I had chemotherapy for Ewing's Sarcoma at 16-17 years old. I'm now 24 and started being treated for those symptoms with Focalin XR earlier this year. It was night and day difference for me. I had energy, yes the first week I was shakey but that stops, I lost weight gained from conituning to eat like a weight lifting football player but had very little movement at all. I felt great, I can get things done now. Motivation is now just lacking from my lack of trying but when I get on something I blaze through it. Negative effects I have experienced are occasional moodiness, especially if I am focused on something and then get interrupted. Caffeine is a no no."
Review of Methylin: "I used this for about a week, it caused severe dry mouth and loss of appetite."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse has been wonderful for me. I take it along with the anti-depressant Lexapro and the two medications work wonderfully together. I am a full time college student. I have been taking Vyvanse for about 8 months and I don't know what I would do without it now. I am focused and my mind is not racing a million miles an hour. I did about a year of school without it and I was an A, B, C student, but now I am mostly making A's with the occasional B."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have taken Adderall XR and Vyvanse. They both have a similar but not completely similar feeling when it comes to getting work done. But mainly my experience with Vyvance is quite good but not great. I take whenever I get up to go to school (6-6:30), and it takes an hour to kick in. I have been taking Vyvance for the last 4 years. It helps you focus a lot more than usual and it gives you the motivation to get work done. But the downside about it is that you feel depressed for a minute or anxiety, but after a couple of minutes you feel back motivated and happy. Also, I love that it gives you the mind clarity that I personally think everyone needs. Overall, my experience with Vyvance Is awesome. Btw I'm 15"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "37-year old female, 10 mgs about 4.30 AM; prescribed three days ago; used for ADD-like symptoms associated with Asperger's.  I feel more comfortable in my skin, focus lasts for more than 12 hours. Only problems: cannot eat apples without getting spacey for about a half-an-hour (used to eat them to boost focus and energy when my Strattera wore off after four hours), and have to really fight to focus during monthly cycle.  However, no other complaints, yet.  Also on Lisinopril (20 mgs) for blood-pressure and Metoprolol (betamblocker to reduce betawaves for anxiety; 25 mgs).  Concerta XR was good too and had the same effect."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I am 32 & have walked around with ADHD for my entire life until a nurse suggested I get screened. My "Doc" told me I was Cyclothymic (Bipolar III) & that I was having panic attacks. I agreed but the symptoms never got better with the prescription I was on. I went to have my Echocardiogram & was told I gave Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome. Long story short, the benefits of this medicine have shown up in the 7 days that I have taken it. My pulse is lower, I haven't had any "panic attacks" & I'm starting to be able to focus a little better. I can't urinate as well unless I consume more water but I needed more anyway. This medicine has made me feel normal for the first time in many many years."
Review of Vyvanse: "Changed my life. (I am a 26 year old female)"
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 7 year old son has shown ADHD symptoms for about 2 years or so but due to many changes in his life, I was unsure of the reason for this behavior. Now we've been settled in for >9 months and he has not improved, we have decided to medicate (after dietary changes and omega 3 gave no help). He has been taking Ritalin 10mg for 12 days now. The 1st week he had only morning dose at 8am. This wore off around 1pm. This week I've dosed him 4 hours later also. From 1st day the change was amazing. He was attentive and followed instruction throughout his swim lesson and his school teacher found great improvement in attention span, concentration and finishing tasks. He is not as angry or frustrated now. The only negative is that I find he gets emotional and 'teary' as it wears off."
Review of Concerta: "My 11 yo has been on concerta for 2 months. The first few days he did experience some nausea although went away. After the first week I could tell a huge difference in his attitude.. He suddenly had a sense of humor, engaged in conversation without being distracted, and was bringing home/completing homework with no trouble! His grades have immensely improved!! I can tell a difference (not huge) on the weekend days he doesn't take it. Or if he didnt sleep well the night before and when it begins to wear off in the evening he tends to be a little grouchy. Only other down side I've noticed so far is that he has lost approx 4lbs/mo which is concerning if it continues. So far, happy with the results!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvance is the 4th medicine we've tried for our 7 year old son's ADHD.  He has been on Vyvance for close to a month now.  With Vyvance, he still has a personality, it has a more natural, gradual start and end so he seems more balanced overall.  With other medications, he would suddenly switch back to wild and impulsive as if you flipped a switch.  The negative is that his appetite is definitely low.  He has no interest in food during the day but gets hungry late at night.  He is not falling asleep well at all, still awake after 2 hours of lying in bed.  This is definitely due to the medication. He would always fall asleep within about 15 minutes.  We've yet to find the right one, but this is definitely the best so far."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I've taken this for one month."
Review of Adderall XR: "The extended release tablets enable me to maintain a normal functioning rate, without crashing."
Review of Vyvanse: "I started this medication when I was 45 years old and started back to college.  I never excelled in college in my younger years and actually made the Deans list after taking Vyvanse.  I am now almost sixty.  I really don't need it other than helping my golf game once in a while.  I just wanted to say that it is a great medication for keeping ones focus, however I did experience quite a bit of hair loss.  I only take 20mg.  I do take breaks on this medication and have noticed that my hair grows much thicker when I am off of it.  Just an FYI."
Review of Ritalin-SR: "I used to be on SR then was switched to immediate release which made such a difference, now I'm stuck back on SR, they aren't effective at all, it bothers my stomach and now I feel depressed and wondering how I'm going to get thru work"
Review of Adderall XR: "Couldn't live without it. Didn't discover it until a few years ago."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall has made me successful at work.  It allows me to dominate. I am the hardest worker. I only want to work and get ahead, but not socialize."
Review of Aptensio XR: "I am 37 years old and was finally diagnosed with Adult ADHD almost 2 years ago so I was put on 20 mg Adderal XR and it worked great. But I did start to notice that I would get pretty irritable on it mostly when it was wearing off. So I wanted to try a different medication to see if there was one I wasn't so grumpy on. So I started Metadate CD and I was not irritable on that one at all :) But it seemed to wear off within 4 hours and made me soo tired. So now I am on Aptensio and it has been pretty good so far I have only been on it for about a week and it really does last a long time and I am able to stay focused. I don't feel a crash like Adderal. I would just recommend taking it early in the morning so it can wear off before you go to bed."
Review of Strattera: "I have been on Straterra for about two months.  It certainly has a subtle affect that creeps up on you. It is not a stimulant so does not have that quick hit affect.  While taking it I feel a little dopey... but if I have been on it for a while and then lower the dose to one every two days. I can really feel the difference in my performance and focus.I went through a stressful experience which brought on some mania.  Stay off this medicine if you go through a similar experience.  It heightens panic and intensifies anxiety.Other then that seems to be good."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am a 56 year old mom of 5 children. Three of my sons had ADHD in varying degrees growing up. As a child, I too suffered with the same symptoms.  I just didn't know what it was. I started taking Adderall XR a month ago and it feels like someone flipped a switch and I feel for the first time, like a "normal" person.  I also take Prozac (80mg) and both have changed my life. No side effects. None!   I take 40mg of the Adderall XR in the morning. Best thing I have done for myself!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Tolerance builds slower than Adderall and other instant release stimulants, but still builds fast.  Lasts a good 12-14 hours as well, just make sure you don't take more than you should because when your tolerance builds you're pretty much done with."
Review of Daytrana: "I was trying to fall asleep for 20 minutes then I said ohh crap I forgot to take it off. So now I will be awake for 3 more hours. It is very bad if you are a busy person like me. Uggg so tired but can't sleep."
Review of Strattera: "My son, now 10, was diagnosed with impulse control issues. He has always had As and Bs in school and always loves to read. He gets bored alot in class and his impulse control (blurting out, saying what's on his mind/no filter) had caused him to be put in alternative school (where his grades began to falter). Over the summer, we had him evaluated and they said that meds would help. Our general physician didn't want to put him on a stimulant and suggested Straterra. First 2 months @ 60mg. Lost 15lbs (which put him at the right weight actually) and slept all the time. Backed off to 40mg since then and he's maintained his weight, sleeps well and maintained grades. Too bad our monthly script cost increased x9. Looking for a cheaper alternative."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "When I was put on Lisdexamfetamine within a month of first taking it everything has improved. Things I would not normally do. I did my daily tasks, showing interest in things,  my impulsiveness movement has slowed down,  my thoughts slowed down and I can sit down and talk to people and hold a conversation with people.  A big thing that this medication has is the fat ingredient so I am now 11 stone as I was previously 9 stone so a big improvement. Within a month in everything as a person so this medication is a big thing in my life and feel the doctor has made the correct choice. I would recommend it to anyone who ADHD like me and if they are on it you will see improvement like i have big time!."
Review of Adderall: "I have been on Adderall for a little under a month. Let me say, this is the magic pill. I can focus, sit and watch an actual movie, and pay attention in daily life as well as my college. Love Adderall."
Review of Guanfacine: "Worsen my son.  It gave him  insomnia and increased the tics and  he gained a lot of weight, so we stopped it."
Review of Bupropion: "This has been completely life changing.  I suffered with Anxiety/Disthymia/ADHD. From near constant panic and self hatred and sadness and not seeing a future to being content, happy, balanced, bright... the ME I remember/want to be. I cried when I felt it kick in because I didn't remember how to be this calm- with ADHD I'm REALLY emotionally reactive. This took the bad feelings down SEVERAL notches to "there, but normal/manageable."  I keep trying to summon the bad feelings I had before, like poking at a healing bruise, but I CAN'T. I tend to call my anxiety RSD (rejection sensitive dysphoria) caused by a life of being undiagnosed ADHD.I do have decreased appetite but I also take adderall so it's probably more that. I also want to lose weight so I'm not worried about it."
Review of Strattera: "Started taking  60mg of this medicine for ADD &  anxiety triggered my ADD. It took about a week to hit my system, while it helped somewhat with my ADD. It wasn't major. I was still forgetting things like crazy and was able to be side tract. It's been 13 days and I'm stopping it today. It has made me an emotional WRECK!!!! I've had CRAZY mood swings like seen in a damn horror movie.Yesterday, I woke up happy then saw puppy shit on the floor and I LOST IT. I was a crying wreck. It was so bad I laid on my floor and screamed tears! I've never been depressed insane. Couldn't find my shoes- crying screaming mess again. Left the laundry in the washer over night- another HUGE breakdown."
Review of Vyvanse: "I've been on vyvanse for about 2 days now and I can't believe the difference from the other two medications I've tried. (Adderall and Focalin) I was diagnosed about a year and a half ago, I was not diagnosed when I was younger, which would've have really explained a lot.  First I tried adderall, it didn't do much but make me a bit irritable, and still not focusing was on 50mg a day 30mg in the morning and a 20mg in the afternoon, and I didn't notice a thing. Next was the generic of Focalin, which dild absolutely NOTHING! With vyvanse I feel like I can concentrate on one thing at a time, and not have the urge to start 10 other things.  My doctor put me on 70 mg in the morning, it's a bit of a slow start, but once it doesn't its a very productive"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm 50. I was in school before ADD and ADHD were a thing. Those of us that couldn't pay attention or behave got C's and D's, and we liked it that way. I'm kidding, we didn't like it that way and neither did our parents. I muddled through high school and even got a college degree, but I really struggled. I remember when I first heard of ADD and meds that treat it, and it was a revelation. I've tried many of these medications and Concerta is my favorite. To me, it's the smoothest.  The short acting drugs hit too strongly and then quickly crash. Hard. I had been taking Metidate CD until an insurance change made Concerta cheaper. Concerta is smoother than Metidate."
Review of Strattera: "I'm a 30 year old male and switched from Dexedrine to Strattera about two years ago. For the first two months I thought it was a terrible decision because of the horrible side effects and talked to my doctor a couple of times about switching back to a stimulant. He told me that even though it says it can take up to a month to start working, in his experience, it took most patients 2-3 months to see the benefits. I'm glad I stuck with it. After four months all side effects we're completely gone and it works better than any stimulant type I've been prescribed. The problem is you do have to get through a horrible period of 1-3 months (10 weeks for me) before the nausea, fatigue, ED and insane sweating are gone. This drug takes time to work!!!"
Review of Adderall XR: "Great when combined with Adderall (immediate release). I stay focused and organized, have consistent energy, and even speak more professionally at work. Con: Tightness in chest/anxiety on doses higher than 5mg. I seem to be highly sensitive to the XR, so I take 5mg three times a day with Adderall (immediate release) 10mg."
Review of Concerta: "I was put on Ritalin 10mg three times a day, then on Concerta 27mg. I didn't have any side-effects until I went to 36mg and I was only losing my appetite. I went back down and it still is really helping my concentration. I finish my work on time and am able to work to a higher level of work."
Review of Adderall: "I was a failing student, failing math 2 times. In my junior year of high school I took Adderall for the first time, on the first day of the school year. The first day of taking it was astonishing. I was very concentrated in math class, and that's not it, I had a desire to learn once I got into class. My grades improved to the high 90 percentiles, which I never thought I'd accomplish. But there are side effects to taking Adderall. For me it's dizziness for about an hour in, headaches on occasion, and being very sleepy around afternoon. I urge parents who have kids with ADD/ADHD to let your kids try it out for a month. It might save their futures. You can skip doses as much as you like, so I don't take it on summer break or weekends."
Review of Strattera: "I have been on Strattera  for 6 years. I take one 18mg a day. When I take it I don't feel like myself. I feel depressed. I feel tried all the time. So for me I don't like it but so far they haven't found anything else that will work  for me."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been talking Vyvanse for just a week. 40mg. The first 3 days I couldn't sit down. I cleaned my house and my parents. Not just cleaned but extra clean, like walls and moving furniture and everything. But now it has faded a little. I noticed right away that when I am doing stuff, its like I really concentrate and try perfection for everything. My appetite has been curved, but I still eat. But no where like I did before. So far I lost 4pds. It's been almost a week. I don't get any feeling of jitters, or that I'm taking speed. I feel normal, I just want to do stuff. I'm more social. I always stayed in my home, but now I just want to go out. It's very nice feeling. I have no problems sleeping either, but I also take it as soon as I wake up"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have been taking Concerta for (ADHD) about 3 months now.  The effects have been both positive and negative.  I started off with 36 mg and my grades were increasing rapidly, and I was more focused, but I started to become more antisocial, angry, I didn't have an appetite, I had sleeping problems and depression.  Then about two weeks ago I switched to 54 mg due to lack of focus, and my stomach has been troubling me. I'm having twitching problems, and I am hearing voices."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have ADHD since I was very young. I've been on numerous different medications for it - Adderall XR, Concerta, Strattera, etc. Out of them all, Vyvanse has had the best results. Vyvanse helps me focus, get things done, act my age, and think before I act. I can focus on one thing at a time, rather than twenty things at once. One thing I have noticed about Vyvanse is that it treats my ADHD but doesn't take away from my personality. In other words, it doesn't make me feel like a zombie. I would definitely recommend Vyvanse to anyone with legitimate ADHD!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "Did absolutely nothing."
Review of Vyvanse: "Not a good experience here. My 10 year old son was put on it. He started hallucinating, hearing voices, he was terrified. Uncontrollable crying. He couldn't be in a room alone. He was going into panic attacks because he was so scared. He didn't know why he was scared or why he couldn't stop crying."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "This medication was possibly the worst experience of my life. In the matter of a week, i managed to have my boss lose all hope in me, i ruined my 3 year relationship and for the first time in my life, i was so depressed i had thoughts of death ( not to mention I was kind of moody all day). Not to mention it actually made my memory and focus worse! Thank God i had a couple adderall left to make it until my next (emergency) appointment!Thanks Vyvanse! You really changed my life!I have a psyc appointment tomorrow morning, i am going back to adderall! Vyvanse didnt last a full week for me, maybe it's different for other people."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm a 18 year old college freshman and started taking Vyvanse 10 months ago when I had finally gotten medicated for my severe ADD.  It has significantly changed my life for the better. For as long as I can remember, my teachers always told my parents that I was very bright but I just would not "apply" myself but after taking Vyvanse my grades have skyrocketed. I can finally pay attention in class and actually absorb the information. I feel energized, motivated, and more organized to do things.  My days will be filled with productivity and I feel like it boosts my mood in general. My side effects include a slight anxiety because I feel like I should ALWAYS be doing something productive so sometimes its hard for me to relax."
Review of Vyvanse: "It works. Less is better anything over 15-20 mg makes me too focused."
Review of Vyvanse: "This medicine may help but if I missed a day, or tried to get off it completely, worst experience ever.It's basically pharmaceutical meth, try older meds like dexatrin or Ritalin.Vyvanse withdrawals are awful so once you're on it it's hard to get off"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a high school student (10 grade). Today was my first day taking Vyvanse and I feel like a totally different person! I was very stressed about school because I couldn't concentrate and making bad grades isn't fun so it made me a little depressed. I noticed that I actually felt like doing work (never thought that would happen) and instead of finishing my episode of Teen mom 2 I was eager to do my homework instead! At night I got about an hour of sleep then was up for about 8 hours until it was time to go to school and I forgot to eat the whole day it's just food didn't sound good at all and it gave me so much energy especially because we had to run the mile at school and I ran it very fast because it changes your whole mindset."
Review of Concerta: "I've been taking Concerta for over 5 years now. At first it helped me focus and get my mind together. It also kick started a great social life and got me A's through High School. After the first year though I took a downturn. I became almost emotion less and robotic like, that eventful social life degraded, and I felt like a complete loser. It's a terrible feeling. After 3 years of use I worked to get my social life back and slowly found it once again. Even though I was lacking feelings I learned how I could access my emotions through certain mental triggers. Now five years later my social life is siralling once again and I'm still getting A's, but instead of feeling robotic like I now get intense rushes and euphorias followed by depression."
Review of Daytrana: "My son is 7 years old and has been diagnosed with ADHD and is using  Daytrana 10mg which has been the BEST so far! After applying the patch, it takes a couple of hours for the medicine to start working. I noticed that if I place the patch on his hip, but closer to his butt it is more effective. (my doctor said that other parents had noticed that the placement of the patch makes a difference). At school he is able to control his impulses, focus and most importantly still be a 7 year old boy (not a zombie). The only downfalls to this medication is that he does not have an appetite (most of these meds cause this) & the area where you place the patch can get red and itchy. I rotate where I place the patch and use baby oil to remove the adhesive"
Review of Dexedrine: "Was on Dexedrine for 10 years. Loved it. Just stopped last month because I had tachycardia and an ectopic arrhythmia. Both started about 2 years ago, and I only recently had confirmed that both are non-existent when off of Dexedrine. Have been taking 30mg/day. Switching to Strattera tomorrow, hoping it can provide all the benefits of Dexedrine without the heart issues!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "It didn't work for my son and he ended up bouncing around on a lot of medicines."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I started taking Vyvanse in the latter half of 6th grade due to disruptions and conflicts at school.  I took it almost everyday during the school year, until 11th grade.  I stopped during the summers.I moved from 40mg, to 35, to 30, to 60, then to 50mg.As i took the pill daily, i lost appetite constantly.  Though there was no concern of my weight, i did stay quite thin while i was on it. (i was not unhealthy.)  However, after i ceased to intake vyvanse, i had a large burst of weight gain.I went from 140 to 210 in about 4.5 months.  I bordered near "above average" on the body fat chart.  This gain in weight was, i believe, the direct result of stopping the pill."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have only been on ritalin for a couple days now and the results are great. My concentration and focus has improved, I can get more things done and I feel more motivated and self assured. My social life is better and can keep a conversation going. The downsides for me where fast heart rate which made me feel anxious, a bad headache when I first took it and a decreased in appetite. Overall this is working for me so far and I would say to not abuse this drug, combine it with alcohol or anything else and to eat well before taking medicine. hope this helps"
Review of Concerta: "I'm 17 and have been taking this for about a month now for ADHD. I started at small doses of Ritalin (10 mg) and then moved to 20 mg. My doctor thought it would be easier to just put me on Concerta since it's 18 mg a pill. I then took 36 mg of Concerta which didn't work out. I got major irritability and started feeling depressed. Even my focus was off. I went back down to 18 mg and it's working much better. No irritability, depression feeling. Make sure you're on the right dose for your body, too much can do more harm and too little may not do any thing."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 8yr old daughter has been on Vyvanse for almost 2yrs. She started on 20mg a day, she seemed to be doing better as far as focusing, but very emotional. Her doctor decided to up her dose to 30mg and now 40mg. The 40mg also seemed to help at school her grades went up and she was able to pay attention. I'm now noticing that my little girl is not the same person, she's has become rude, depressed, emotional, getting in trouble, suicidal and just out of control. Parents really should keep a journal of changing side effects they notice. Needless to say my daughter is no longer taking this medication and not yet found one to replace it."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 15 year old female. I started taking Vyvanse around 5 months ago. When I first started taking it I saw a difference immediately. I was always on 50mg. It made me very irritable and emotional the first times I took it. Currently, I've been taking this for a few months and it is starting to become less effective on me. I am now starting to double up my doses taking 50mg to 100mg a day. It gets me through the day and keeps me awake. Not to mention excellent grades in school."
Review of Vyvanse: "This medicine made my anxiety worse. While I was very focused, I had a bad month while I was using this."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Medication worked great now insurance decided to stop covering it"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I took Concerta when I was in high school for 2 years. I am a very lively person; however, after the first year I literally lost all my social abilities. I had no desire to speak to anybody or go out and have fun I became IMMENSELY depressed almost even suicidal. Additionally, I became so anorexic that I almost got hospitalized for low hemoglobin. "
Review of Strattera: "I got way to many mental and physical negative side effects and it didn't seem to help that much. Although at times I felt I could pay attention better. I was only on 10mg. My doctor told me to stop taking it and now I have to see a psychiatrist."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have  been diagnosed with ADD . I have always pushed myself to get good grades and to take as many AP and honors classes as I can handle. I enjoy learning about new things; however, my lack of focus got in the way of my learning. It bothers me when people say ADD/ADHD is made up. I know that people who don't have this disorder can't truly understand what it's like. Without adderall my mind is foggy and I can't take the fog away to learn about the things that I love. All my friends know that I have a strong passion for physics and astronomy, but it's very hard for me to pick up a book without forgetting most of what I read after I finished it. On adderall I feel like the fog fades always and my mind is like a clear sunny day. Oh how I wish that I didn't have to take this every day and just naturally be as focused. I am just an 18 year old who is trying to pursue her dreams, but without this medication I'm not sure how I can get through college to learn what I love. I can now look through my telescope at the stars without the clouds getting in the way."
Review of Methylphenidate: "This drug has cause way to many side effects on my 12 year old grandchild. Has cause her body to over develop very fast."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am a 54 year old male just diagnosed.  I have been a successful overachiever all my life.  This drug has allowed me to stay on task and be much more focused.  I no longer feel the need to do 10 things at once and get nothing done.  I now have the benefit of good focus and concentration and don't feel I have lost any of the drive that has made me successful in the past.  No side effects.  Don't take it too late in the day though."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 6 yr old son started on an ADHD regimen about 8 months ago.  We started on Concerta, increased dosage 3 different times, and switched to Vyvanase.  We have increased it to 30 mg and it still is not working.  However, now the moodiness, extreme sadness, and impulsiveness is much worse while on Vyvanse.  I really am considering just dealing with the ADHD without medicinal help.  I feel sorry for the little guy.  This is not what I want him to be like."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I am 15 years old girl and this was the first medication I ever took for my ADD and I don't even know if it worked for my ADD symptoms. But I do know the side effects of Strattera were all I had. I was depressed, numb, sleepy, could not eat and had anxiety. It felt like I wasn't on earth I was out in space numb to the world."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have adult ADHD. I'm 21 now and have been on Adderall 20mg 3 times a day for the past 4 years. It's really helped me if you just take it responsibly you don't have any real problems. The only thing I still get dry mouth. "
Review of Vyvanse: "My 5 yr old started taking Vyvanse today and had a bad reaction to it while at school, severe itching with a twitch of his shoulder.  There was no outside signs of breakout.  Tried to contact doctor who prescribed and have received no reply, therefore after talking to pharmacist and school nurse, and health unit care provider, I have decided to stop Vyvanse, 30mg daily, until I receive some reply from his doctor. Then I am going to ask for something else.  If it works fine for your children, God bless, but please keep an eye on them for the first 24 hours; allergic reactions do occur, we were just lucky it was not more severe."
Review of Concerta: "I've been on several medications for my ADHD and Concerta is by far the best I have tried. Ignoring the slight sleeping complications I have and the lessened need for food, this medication works well. I've found that while Concerta is in effect I'm less fidgety and anxious, and I can concentrate for longer periods of time. I really do prefer this medication over any of the others I have had."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 4 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD and we began the journey to find what would help.  We have tried many medications but due to his young age and small size it was hard to find anything that did not come with bad side effects. We tried Metadate 10 mg and he did REALLY well during the day but at 2 it would wear off and we were in for a rough night, the doctor tried Methylin 5 mg, but that just kept him up all night, so we started giving 10 mg of Metadate in the A.M. and a 2nd dose of 10mg at noon. It was like finding the holy grail of medicine. My son is now a funny, loving, calm little boy who the entire family (including our poor dog) loves to be around."
Review of Metadate ER: "It worked good on my son."
Review of Concerta: "When I was 9 my grades dropped and remained at a c-b average compared to my usual a. It became harder to socialise and eventually I started skipping school 3-4 days out of the week. I had anxiety problems and was on the verge of depression. At the age of 12 my Mom in a last ditch effort put me on Concerta, which did not magically fix anything but within the next 2 years I was attending school regularly and my grades got better.(from an Asian family, grades are everything) I have to say I'm much better but I took a 8 month break and returned to a 36 dosage which makes me sick all day, headaches and problems sleeping. I can barely eat a half a meal without having to force it down."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I fell like kill myself after a week of taking this drug, very depressed, can't do anything. Stopped yesterday. Wast of money!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "This drug has changed my life. I was diagnosed with ADHD in my late 20s and I never knew that I could enjoy my family and every day life this much. I am very pleased."
Review of Bupropion: "I've been on a lot of different medicines over the years and so far Wellbutrin ER has helped so much. I take 150mg 2 times a day. It interrupts my sleep so the night time dose I take Atarax with it. My mind is clear, my moods are better. I feel human again."
Review of Clonidine: "My almost 4 year old is extremely hyperactive.  We have tried the stimulant and they just make him mean and more hyper.  Clonidine before bed and 1/4 tab at noon and he is a different child.  I hated putting him on medication, however he is so much happier not that he can control himself."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 7 and 11 yr old children take 18mg and 36mg respectively. The 7 yr old also takes a 5mg Methalin tab at about 3PM because she melts into a screaming pile of shattered emotions otherwise.  Actually, that's how she was ALL THE TIME before she started taking Concerta. The 11 yr old recently increased his dose because he's getting older and bigger.  He was singing/humming/noise making in class again (which is what clued me in to a higher dose. He started taking Concerta because he couldn't access information when doing homework. The information was there, he just couldn't concentrate long enough to access what he needed. VERY frustrating for him. He isn't hyperactive like the other child, so he was diagnosed at a later age. Side effects: sleepless until 12AM."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have only been on this medicine for about two weeks at 20mg but it has completely changed me! It's awesome! I suffer from Depression, Anxiety, and ADD and was prescribed Lexapro to help with me depression and anxiety, it bumped up my mood a little but I still had depression and anxiety symptoms. The first day I took Vyvanse it kicked in after an hour and automatically I was more awake, happy, confident, talkative, and focused! It helped me so much with college when before I was failing almost all my classes I am in such a better mood now LIFE IS GREAT! The only down side so far is it makes me really hungry at times and I have trouble falling asleep and staying asleep through out the night but it's worth it!!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 17 year old female who was diagnosed with ADD about 9 months ago. I had mainly B and C grades, I was scatter-brained, easily distracted, and extremely messy. Since I started Vyvanse at 30mg, I have bumped up to 40mg and I have no complaints. I have all A and B grades, I can focus on my school work, and get things accomplished in a reasonable amount of time. Only critisicm I have is the fact that is caused me to go from messy to borderline OCD. However, I like cleaning and I see it as a plus side to the medication. As is usual for ADD and ADHD medicines, I experience easy mood swings and sudden out bursts of anger, loss of appetite, and lack of sleep. However, overall I am extremely pleased as a high schooler who was struggling."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have taken Strattera for almost 5 years now and its a wonder drug for me personally.  Without this drug my mind really really races and I can help it with exercise and things like that to get the energy out, but I'm not on the same beat as others.  When I take Strattera, everything slows down and I'm on the same beat and wavelength as everyone else.  Social conversations go better and I'm able to stay on task with work and actually get things done.I've found taking it on an empty stomach can be bit sickening, but other than that no downsides for me.  I take 40 mg 1 or 2x a day as needed and find it wears off in 6-8 hours for me.I'm extremely ADHD but have no depression at all, very happy person always have been."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Lost about 60 pounds, was a bit concerned, and I had to force myself to eat sometimes."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Female, 28 and have been on Strattera for 5 months and it has changed my life. Went back to a college to finish my high-school degree, after having dropped out of high school in year 9 due to pure inability to focus. I was always in a daydream before this med. Motivation is increased 10x fold. I also had panic attack disorder with half a dozen panic attacks every day! About 3 weeks into this med and the anxiety lifted. Anxiety is 100% gone. No other med in my life has ever done that. Not even actual anxiety medications. I'm more social. Have more energy and general satisfaction with life. I am so happy with this medication and truly believe this is an absolute miracle medication. I think this medication is more for people who have ADHD-PI"
Review of Bupropion: "I'm a 40-something mom and was just recently diagnosed with executive function issues. My doctor thought this might help me with focus issues. I had to stop taking after 2 douse. I felt light headed and like I wanted to jump out of my skin. When I stopped, I felt exhausted and got a major headache. I'm glad the medication works for some but it definitely didn't work for me."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 13 years old I've been on Vyvanse for about 7 years. It really helps me focus and concentrate on things that are important, it also helps me know when and when not to do things like talk when some one else is talking."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "My life has totally changed for the better since starting this medication about a year ago. I am 36 so when I was growing ADHD didn't exist, but I was that kid that couldn't sit still or concentrate and talked 24/7! This medication has given me my quality of life back, it lifted the "fog" that has always been in my brain and I can't be more thrilled to have found this Med! Thank you Adderall for giving me my life back!!!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I began taking Concerta at the age of 13 to treat my ADHD. I'm now 22, still taking 27MG of Concerta daily. Overall it has been helpful with managing my ADHD symptoms, I'm much less distracted and able to stick to one task at a time. It was especially helpful when I was in school because it was just so impossible for me to stay focused in class. As an adult it makes work so much easier for me because my job requires things to be done with a lot of precision. Side effects I've experienced have been headaches (occasionally migraines), inconsistent appetite, restlessness at night, some difficulty sleeping and constant thirst. Despite the side effects I feel that my overall quality of life has improved with taking Concerta to manage my ADHD."
Review of Strattera: "I am on a trial pack starting from 25 mg with an increases of 15 - 20 mg a week. I am at my second week at 40mg and so for all I feel is the side effects. I found that if I take it on an empty stomach I get extremely nauseous for about and hour or two. I can't really tell if it's working yet since I'm only in my second week, but so far I'm not too optimistic. I was on Wellbutrin before and that had little to no effect on me. I don't feel depressed at all but I will say my anxiety has diminished. As for the ADD I guess will just have to wait and see."
Review of Vyvanse: "Having tried so many other drugs for this has been extremely difficult and disheartening.  Vyvanse is a GAME CHANGER!!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have been on Ritalin for 5 months now and it works great for my ADHD. I wish I would have been on it when I was in high school maybe I would have finished high school. I am 25 yrs old and I'm going for my G.E.D so I can go to College. I am so happy now I can concentrate and do things that I was never able to do. The only con is that it is not lasting as long as it did when I first got on it. I really believe Ritalin saved my life."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I couldn't be happier with how this drug has helped my daughter.  She's been taking it for 8 months now, with absolutely no problems.  We tried 2 doses of 4-hour methalyn first, but it just didn't seem to help much.  She's getting all A's in school and will actually be tested for the 'gifted' program next year because of this medicine allowing her to focus and concentrate on her school work.  The only 'slight' con I have is when it wears off, she's a little moody, but she gets over that quickly."
Review of Metadate CD: "My son is 7 years old and was dianosed with adhd. He is on Metadate CD and he has been taking it for almost a month now. It seems to be helping him at school, but at home his behavior is uncontrollable and very irritable. He is on only 10 mg and his appetite is slowed down alot."
Review of Vyvanse: "I've been taking Vyvanse for about 2 years. It DOES help me concentrate in school, but the concentration comes at a cost. I feel zombie-fied and extremely anxious, even jittery at times but I don't feel hyper. Vyvanse also makes me feel really cold all the time."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Better than Adderall for me. Adderall feels like a sledgehammer slamming my brain into focus and Concerta is like a master artist finessing my thoughts into focus as much as Adderall but so much more subtly. I will forget I am on Concerta (36 mg, may go up to 54mg), during the day. There is a noticeable tolerance that I have developed. 18mg used to pump me up, now I no longer feel 18. 36 is getting to that point with daily use. Only reason it doesn't get a 10. Take 6000mg of fish oil daily and increase your magnesium intake."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Awesome care for my child"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall XR does exactly what it's supposed to for me.  I suffer from very little noticeable side effects.  The most noticeable ones are insomnia when first taking this medication, lack of hunger in the beginning, and slight dry mouth. Overall the side effects are not bad at all.  The only negative for me is it feels like the medications stop working after 6 hours for me."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "It makes me not able to sleep, irritable, and when I take I just don't feel like me."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Life saver"
Review of Vyvanse: "I started taking this my senior year in high school, and after 6 months on it, my GPA has come up at least 1 point! I take it during the week, and I have no problems with headaches or loss of appetite, and it helps wake me up and keep me up. I love it!"
Review of Clonidine: "My son is 6 years old and was diagnosed with ADHD, ODD, Aspergers syndrome, and possible bipolar disorder. We have tried so many medications, Ritalin, Adderall, Focalin XR, Risperadal, Seroquel, and regular Clonidine. He is now taking 300 mg of Trazadone which doesn't help, 15 mg of Abilify, and Kapvay. I've spaced the three medications out but he still wakes up at 9 am and goes to bed at 3 am. I am at a loss right now because the psychiatrist says he's limited as to what he can put him on but the Trazadone I swear seems to wire him up. He's wide awake as I am writing this post. The Kapvay does make him cranky and irritable during the afternoon, any advice please."
Review of Adderall XR: "I began taking this before I began any other medication. It made me more anxious and nervous. It also seemed to increase my OCD (the "pure O" form) by making me more prone to think about my OCD. It did help me to focus on occasions, but it also made me focus on my anxieties and obsessions as well. My therapist told me that stimulants like this one and Concerta are not good for people with anxiety disorders (almost all of them), unless they have anxiety because they cannot focus and accomplish necessary tasks. I recommend talking to a counselor or Psychologist/psychiatrist before being prescribed stimulants for ADHD."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "it has helped me with my disability."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 33 years old, and my son is 7 years old and we both have ADD and ADHD respectively. His mom started him off with 20mg of Vyvanse and it seemed to help out his behavior and focus problems at school. The only thing is the poor kid is losing weight. I was curious about the side effects and wanted to see if it could help out with my focus. So I started taking Vyvanse as well. It has been okay. I like the fact that I can stay on task and not go from idea to idea and not stick to one thing, but there are major withdrawal symptoms and I tend to be a total space cadet if I don't take it."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "27 years old 5'10 204lbs I suffer from major depressive disorder and sleep apnea that was thought to be narcolepsy because of how damn tired am I during the day.  I have tried most if not all the Adhd meds. None of them seem to really help me pay attention much. They are somewhat helpful more for wakefulness. Phetermine although seriously dangers worked the best. I'd say vyvanse second best, However compared to Adderall XR 20mg twice a day I'd say is very similar effect if not better than vyvanse 70mg and it's more convenient to be able to split up two tabs when you need to space dosses apart or save for rainy day. I rated a 6 stars based on what I'd like it to do compared to what it does for me. I have pretty high tolerances in general"
Review of Adderall: "I have been taking this for 3  months now and I feel we are getting somewhere.  I am taking 15 mg in the morning and 15 mg at 1pm.  I feel I could have the dose increased as I have only one side effect which is dry mouth.  No decreased appetite and no jitters.  I have decreased my coffee in take and am much calmer than I have been in years.  Before I had trouble with focus and gnatting about.  I know we are getting close to where I should be.  I am 44 and have suffered too long and so has my children, boss, friends, etc."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been on Vyvanse 30 mg for a year now and have had success taking it. I can work full time, have time management, take great care of my kids and keep my house clean. I sleep just fine at night. I do get irritable throughout the day if I don't eat. I feel nauseous and sick if I don't snack and stay hydrated. Hate to say it but it also worsens my anxiety slightly in the morning. Pros have outweighed the cons. As for weight loss I lost 7 pounds when I started taking it but have stayed at 130 pounds same weight for a year I am 5'5 and 28 years old. I feel healthy."
Review of Concerta: "Unbelievable! I think and concentrate much better , focus, it does effect for men a little down below, but it makes you focus so you are very hi libido. Men know what I am talking about. It is great for that you mind does not wonder.  I've only been on it for a week, it works immediately. And yes you worry because you can see things so good, and you are not used to it. So I get scared, that should go away. try it. you don't like, try something else, controlled substance, hard to get. Psychiatry will get this for you, and you need prior authorization depending on insurance."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am 22 years old. I have been on just about all ADHD medications. For the last 4 years I have been on Adderall XR 20mg (just got put on Adderall XR 30 mg). This drug is amazing in helping wake up, pay atteinoin and working better. "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "The only bad thing is it acts like a diet pill, so I hardly eat. It seems to make me act like an efficient robot, so I always have to be doiing something productive, without showing emotion or change in facial expression."
Review of Daytrana: "I started using the patch when I was about 9 and using it now. I'm 13. I was in the lowest classes and now I'm in the highest class in my grade. I used to have to sit in my room for 4 1/2 hours until I finished my homework. It got so bad sometimes that I didn't even finish my homework because It was getting too late. I couldn't hangout with friends. Now it only takes me about 30 mins to an hour to finish. This patch helps me throughout the day. I only use it on weekdays when I'm at school because I only use it when I have to finish a task. But during school I find my stomach rumbling in classes. I ate breakfast every morning, and tried to eat lunch but I loose my appetite. I find myself sweating during class also from not eating in the day."
Review of Strattera: "I am a 37yr woman diagnosed with ADHD. 1st try with Ritalin made me feel overwhelmed, sad, uncontrollable spurts of crying for no reason, tired. Dr. switched me to Straterra. It's only my fist week, but had to share. Ok, 1st the "bad": mild headache, SUPER DRY mouth, hot and sweaty, weird tingly sensation that comes in waves. Feels like my hair on my arms and head is crawling and tingly and cool for a few seconds and goes away. Clenching my jaw. No noticable improvement with racing thoughts or concentration as of yet. Now the "good": This pill should be called "Lady Viagra", lol! That cool, tingly, hair crawling sensation is AMAZING when being intimate. Everything is more intense and indescribably WONDERFUL...and I have been married 10yrs!"
Review of Vyvanse: "I've been on vyvanse for about a year maybe a year and a half but damn this medication is amazing when you take it normally, I say normally because I usually only take it when I know I gotta focus so like for school, work, a project, etc but when I'm just home I don't take it. Now vyvanse has helped me so so much its just the getting the medication on time is what I struggle with, because I've noticed now that when I'm off vyvanse my ADHD is way worse like the anger and getting distracted part. Yet I don't like taking pills in general I know they do damage inside but if it works it works you know I'd rather struggle with the medication than have to deal with ADHD alone."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Amazing medicine. Helped with my recently diagnosed ADHD-PI (ADD). I am on 27mg and have no known side-effects. It has boosted my grades and my work is done quicker. It is the best thing that has happened to me. I haven't registered my ADD as a chronic illness, but know I will get it covered fully if I do."
Review of Daytrana: "This is my Wonder medicine for my 11 yr old Son. He hates taking the Pill's and they were making him sick so we went to Dr in Aug 2014 & I asked him if we could try the patches he said sure and I Love this Patch. Thank's for making this. And I did not know about putting the patches in the fridge because I do have a hard time peeling them so I'm going to give that a try."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son has been on since 3 he is 12 & this shortage sucks"
Review of Focalin: "My son(11) was put on 10mg of Focalin for ADHD.  We have been trying different meds to treat his ADHD without making his anxiety/trichotillomania worse.  This med by far was the worse!  It did seem to help at school for focus, but he had extreme rage issues.  It got so bad that we called the police to find out what our options were if he were to actually hurt us or his little sister.  He never hurt us, but did break a window, the screen door, and throw objects.  Needless to say, we stopped the meds and thankfully we have our sweet son back (although he can't focus and is annoying to other kids in his class).  Please beware of mood changes with this drug."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been taking Vyvanse for 4 years now and I have been on the same dose of 30mg for severe ADHD. A lot of people have trouble staying on the same dose and need to increase because they get used to the drug. Just a tip: take as needed and when you feel the effects wearing off? Drink a one-shot espresso drink NOT an energy drink. Overall, if you are looking for a good ADHD medication I would recommend either Focalin OR Vyvanse. Best of luck!"
Review of Strattera: "I have a now 10 yo son that was diagnosed with ADD & ADHD when he was 7. His Dr. has put him on all  different types of meds since.  The only one we found that seemed to work for him, was Vyvanse, well now he's on Strattera 18 MG and I had to rush him to the ER because he was complaining about his chest bothering him, and I mean really bad.  They said he was fine, besides his heart rate,which was really really high, but they didn't see anything wrong. I mentioned he was on Strattera, and they said that the meds can be a big part of it.  I took him off of it for the next two days, and he was fine. Started him back on it, and a week later, (2/6/16) he was having pains in his chest again, so I've been trying to get a hold of his Dr to stop it."
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvanse is probably one of the more successful attempts by pharmaceutical companies to create a medication for ADD/ADHD that doesn't carry the negative repercussions other, older medications have, i.e. anxiety, anorexia, insomnia, etc. It's amazing."
Review of Strattera: "Was only on this for 4 days. I yook 25mg in the mornings. The side effects were bad and got progressively worse. My head felt weird and also headaches that lasted hours on end. Took extra long to fall asleep the third day. I barely ate the third and fourth day because the naseua was so bad. I would eat something small then feel like vomitting. The last day I tried to take it before bedtime as directed to try to sleep through the bad parts, but ended up calling off work because of severe insomnia. I would not recommend this stuff for anyone. Stay away from this stuff!"
Review of Concerta: "I have been taking Concerta 54mg for 10 years now. In early 2002, I was put on Adderall 10mg. The first day of the 10mg, I came home from school and said, "I'm never taking this again." Twice I tried to pick a fight with my classmates. Concerta was like a miracle. I could focus on my work (instead of splitting my attention between my work and drawings or books or video games), and I didn't feel any major side effects. A couple years after starting it, the difference, minor at first, was remarkable between the days I would and would not take it. I've had increasing depression for the past 5 years, though, and I'm wondering if it's because of the Concerta..."
Review of Concerta: "I've been taking concerta for close to 15 years now since I was diagnosed at age 3. Around 8th grade I had started getting pain in my chest which was similar to costo condritis. The pain got increasingly worse up through highschool and the beginning of college around age 18 when it stopped affecting me as much. Now I'm 21 years old (as of the 12th this month) and for the past years I've been noticing that I've been getting increasingly anxious and worrying more than usual. In the past 5years on a daily 63 mg dose I've been dealing with depression, anxiety, nightmares, insomnia, loss of appetite, and I've lost 30lbs due to that. It's effective, but at a price, sometimes one you can't afford."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I was on Adderal at 9, it worked okay. Then I was taken off treatment until the age of 19. I've been on it for a couple of weeks. I can tell that my focus is starting to get better and I notice that when I do certain chores around the house I do them to such depths and extremes. "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "It made me more nervous than usual. It is less stimulating than Adderall IR. I decided to switch to Ritalin."
Review of Guanfacine: "My 4 year old was put on a quarter of a 1MG pill. Take in the mornings. He's been on it for little over a month, at first I kind of saw a little bit of a difference but then things took a dramatic turn! He became very mean, aggressive towards everyone, hitting,biting pushing and crying all the time.:(   his emotions all over the board and he him self could tell.. he would say he donesn't feel right. So we took him off it. I'm not sure if this pill just did not mash well with him case of his age but I will never recommend this pill for a toddler with adHD"
Review of Ritalin: "I'm 28 yrs old and just started taking this 2 months ago. I abused med's in my teens & for the past 6 yrs have turned down prescriptions for fear of addiction & losing my personality and control. I gave Ritalin a shot at 10mg 2/day, 5 day/week none on weekends. I wish my parents would have taken me to a doctor to get checked out about 20 years ago. In 2 months I have been able to focus and concentrate on things like never before. I went from being an average student and poor test taker to above average and testing well. I don't snap at people as much as I did prior to taking. And still feel in control of who I am. The down side is I had to cut back on my coffee consumption. Its a good cause!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "What would I give to not take medication! I am 18, and have been taking Concerta for 3 years now. It helps me to keep things in order, stop forgetting things, concentrate in class for long periods of time, do mundane tasks I hate. However, within the first week of taking it I will feel very moody, have tics, etc. I get excited and anxious easily. In the evenings, it is impossible to concentrate and it gets me often very frustrated or irritable. I have been considering changing medications or stopping because it suppresses my creativity and will have me concentrate on negative thoughts causing depression. However, the withdrawal effects will make me very lazy, depressed, or even manic. "
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvanse is hands down, in my opinion, the best ADHD medication out there. I was on Concerta from the ages of 7-13, then again from 20-21. I received genetic testing and it came back that my body doesn't metabolize Concerta very well. So the doctor gave me Adderall, which was too harsh with the come up and come down. Then made the switch to Vyvanse. Best decision. #1. You don't crash when you are on it. It has the smoothest come up and come down compared to Adderall and Concerta. #2. Vyvanse lasts a good 10-14 hours in the body #3. It has the longest duration of action#4. It has low addiction potential #5. It also is the only one that helps manage my binge eating disorder"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm 17 and have been taking 18mg Concerta every day for a week and a half. This is the second medication I've tried after being diagnosed with ADHD (I was also diagnosed with major depression). First I tried Adderall, and while it made me feel very alert and productive, I could not handle the severe depressed feelings from the comedown. So far Concerta has made me feel productive and positive for about 3 hours, and then depression slowly creeps in and gets progressively worse for about 8 more hours. It's not as intense as the depression from Adderall (which even led to suicidal thoughts), but it lasts longer. I also become irritable, anxious, and tired. I've also lost weight because trying to eat makes me feel queasy."
Review of Wellbutrin XL: "I was like one of those fluorescent bulbs flickering out..had ADHD and depression. When I was upped to the 300mg in week two the bulb was changed, light was on. Forget the light, I was solar powered. Sexual side effects nymphomaniac 1st 2 weeks. Healthy by week 3. Husband couldn't keep up. I woke up without an alarm went to bed slept great. I started working out. Then I got a rash. I was devastated. I wanted to explore the possibility of continuing while living on allergy medicines. I tried that for a few day but the good feelings were gone. My body refused to cooperate with my mind and emotions. Drug Companies please come up with another antidepressant NDRI I can take. Goodbye Wellbutrin, with you the honeymoon was grand. Going to try out Cymbalta."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I first started with 27 mg or concerta when it was giving me no effect my doctor increased to 54 mg. At first I loved it. So great...motivation, energy, concentration etc. But then I realized how bad my anxiety was getting and that my prozac was no longer controlling my anxiety and depression. Concerta caused me to have very severe migraines which cause nausea and dizziness. I would have a migraine in the morning and the only thing that would take it away was the concerta and as soon as it wore off around 5-6pm there came the migraine again!  & I obviously couldn't take the concerta or I'd be up all night. I am not switched to vyvanse but haven't tried it yet. If concerta did not cause migraines and anxiety then I would really recommend it."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I found this to be more effective than other drugs offered. I can't understand why it is not used more for the treatment of ADHD compared to other drugs, which have many side effects."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Concerta makes you focused and and concentrated. If you wanna get stuff done you can get it done in a breeze. You wont notice that your enjoying what your doing, what I mean by that is like u know how homework is boring and especially if you have ADHD you have impulse problems, when you take concerta its like when your doing it, time passes by a lot and you wont notice. Like you look at the time and for example its 2:30 while your doing your homework like I said the time will be 4:00 when you look back at your phone"
Review of Guanfacine: "This drug is terrible.  I am a 13 year old girl and I was put on Guanfacine to treat ADHD (combined).  I started on 1MG and for the first 3 weeks it was great and then all of a sudden, I started to lose energy at 3:00pm.  I would miss out on softball practice because I was so tired.  To fix this, they decided to put me on 2MG.  It worked for a week but then I became really irritable.  Then, I would start getting extremely tired in the afternoon and it was worse than before.  I have schizophrenia as well, so of course I start having hallucinations."
Review of Clonidine: "My 8-year old son has been on various stimulants, in addition to regular clonidine, Intuniv, Risperdal, Seroquel, Strattera and Abilify.My son is extremely impulsive and aggressive to our family on a daily basis, and I had been thinking that nothing would help our son. Our new psychiatrist recommended Kapvay and we were very skeptical, as our son was irritable and even more aggressive regular clonidine with Kapvay, there has been a SIGNIFICANT decrease in our son's aggressiveness.  He is still very obsessive, rude and defiant verbally.  So physically, we rate Kapvay a TEN in decreasing aggression.  But only rated it a seven due to other factors.  It is the ONLY medicine that has helped physical aggression for our son."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Last year my oldest daughter who is now 9yrs old was diagnosed with ADD and the doctor put her on Aderrall but within a week took her off and right away put her on Vyvanse 30mg. It worked perfect for a while but now have to get her dosage raised because it wears off after only a few hours although the upside is that her grades have improved tremendously and now I also have an 8 yr old who was also diagnosed with ADHD and is also taking Vyvanse 30 mg and I've noticed a real positive change in her concentration and her mood. I love it because she is also doing so much better in school."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I've been on Vyvanse for a year. I take 50mg now and I wouldn't say it's a miracle drug, but over the past year I have attended more classes and gotten more consistent grades in university. I definitely have to put in the effort to experience the benefits; it's not motivation/focus-in-a-pill for me! The side effects I've experienced are increased anxiety, dry mouth, increased perfectionism, irritability, and some insomnia. Its impact on my mood varies. At first, my appetite decreased and I had terrible afternoon crashes, but they have levelled out over time. Overall, the pros outweigh the cons for me. I haven't tried anything except for Wellbutrin, which I still take. Not sure how they interact."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I wanted to do an updated review on this medication. I am in my 9th month of taking it, and, before Obama Care I ran out a few times, and the effects were very noticeable. Even though it is not supposed to have classic SSRI withdrawal symptoms, I still had severe brain zaps. I have my script filled and I am back on it. I am such a better worker, listener and planner on this medication. I am a better version of myself. Love it! I take 40mg a day, 60mg was too much.  I am 160lbs tall female 34 yo."
Review of Strattera: "Strattera is a wonderful ADHD medication if you know how it works for you. For me it takes a solid 8 weeks before the full effect of the Medication kicks in to full potential. When it does. I have a superb memory through paying attention. My Dr. Increased it from 40mg when it worked well but not well enough. To 80mg. Then I had to restart the 8 weeks. Like the 40mg,  I started noticing a difference in 5 weeks. After 6th week it's a perfect mix. Superb focus that seems to get better week after week. I'm glad I gave the Statterra a chance."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I'm just starting the journey of the medication. I never wanted to be on meds cause I am a chef and did not want my taste buds affected. I have to say in one week I feel really hopeful, less irritable and focused and CLeAR. I can see my goals clear and am knocking things out one by one and not so stressed.  It's working as a anti depressant too. I'm excited. I really am. I'm reading that the journey has just began but I'm going to see it though. Adderall is a mess and we use it for a buzz and to be high all night. I actually am done with those days and want to start to get my life on track. How is it with drinking? I don't drink much but since I began to be a working chef we have a ton of wine pairings. Would be nice to join in with clients"
Review of Methylphenidate: "My daughter was finally diagnosed with ADHD Inattentive-type at age 16 after a lot of stress regarding high school academics and feeling "dumb."  Concerta has been nothing short of a miracle for her.  She finally ended up on the 54mg dosage and does very well.  The only side effect she has had is loss of appetite which she now knows to eat a healthy/big breakfast before her medication in the morning. She then eats a normal dinner. She has occasionally had insomnia if she takes her medication later in the morning or if she has accidentally had caffeine.  Overall, she is in a good groove with this medication and her SAT score went from 1600 to 2000 after medication and a prep course; GPA from 3.3 to 3.9."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son is 6 they started him off on Concerta he seemed fine we had minimal complaint the only downside is everyday around 7 he would be in moods over silly things, but it would pass. Now the Vayvanse had him in "HULK" mode as he would describe it. He was very snappy and angry and became aggressive with the kids at school, (which was never an issue before). I hated that stuffed. I'm beginning to realize that finding the right meds is going to be a HUGE task."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I started taking this medication about 2 months ago. My doc had me start out at 40 milligrams for one week and then upped the dose to two 40 mg capsules twice a day. At the second month, I started taking just one 80 mg capsule around mid-afternoon early evening every day. So far the drug has seemed to greatly help my ability to focus and really experience the world around me. I'm able to finally slow my mind to a cruising speed instead of an outright race. Strattera has made me calmer and more composed when it comes to social interactions with others and encountering stressful situations. Also, I seem to be getting really positive and more optimistic in everyday life making me feel as if the drug as some mild antidepressant properties"
Review of Strattera: "Strattera was my first treatment after I was diagnosed with ADHD PI for six months. First week on 40 mg, then 80 mg and the last three months on 100 mg. I didn't improve any symptom, but it worsen everything. I got negative effects, from the sexual side (no erections just after taking Strattera,). My mood was really unstable, with peeks of depressing episodes and rage outbursts on the last weeks.Now I'm quitting it, and I got some discontinuing effect as tension on my head and anxiety. On the next week I'll start with methyphenidate and I hope the best."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have been on it a few months, with great results for my ADD. I have greater concentration and am up getting things done, instead of vegging in front of the tube. The major drawback has been sweating. I was getting chills and sweating a lot! Originally thought it could be hormones, but not after reading others' comments matching my symptoms. I was jittery at first, but now smooth sailing. I tell lots of people how happy I am with the results. I loved Welbutrin but am allergic."
Review of Strattera: "I've been on every ADHD medication under the sun. After heavily abusing adderall and lying to my doctors, I broke out in a huge body rash that went all the way up to my face. I didn't like the way adderall made me feel. Like a zombie. I was wide awake, felt euphoric, but I didn't do anything. I just sat there for hours chainsmoking while on my phone. I decided to try straterra. I love it! It does everything adderall did minus the tweaky stimulant effect. And, I can't abuse it :) my adhd is under control,  my depression disappeared, and I feel like myself again."
Review of Adzenys XR-ODT: "This product  is terrible !!! Took it for 1month . Nothing at all . My doctor is writing me a new product  this week . The taste is terrible . May be  my chemistry  but no good."
Review of Bupropion: "I've just started and yes while I do feel something I have yet to make a full decision on if it works. My issue is focus, hard to focus on life in general , can't pay attention long enough to learn which really hurts at work. I was taking Naboline and Marijuana which helped perfectly. For whatever reason my dr wants me to try something else . My questions is if something g works why put me on something that might work ?But I'm willing to try. The first three days I have felt similar effects but not to the extent that the other drugs help. I feel a bit more irritated with people , my hearing is more sensitive and my appetite is gone."
Review of Intuniv: "My son is 14 and has tourettes and adhd. He was put on Intuitiv and it has helped with his focus and his tics. At first he was extremely tired, but after taking it for a bit that part is not as bad. The teacher noticed a big improvement. Luckily there have been no other side effects. We started at 1mg and are now on 3 mg. It is my sons choice whether he wants to be on meds or not. He had chose to go off for a bit in the summer and then once back in school he wasn't doing so great so he chose to go back on it. It really helps with the tics."
Review of Focalin XR: "I never had ADD or problems focusing and staying motivated before I had chemotherapy for Ewing's Sarcoma at 16-17 years old. I'm now 24 and started being treated for those symptoms with Focalin XR earlier this year. It was night and day difference for me. I had energy, yes the first week I was shakey but that stops, I lost weight gained from conituning to eat like a weight lifting football player but had very little movement at all. I felt great, I can get things done now. Motivation is now just lacking from my lack of trying but when I get on something I blaze through it. Negative effects I have experienced are occasional moodiness, especially if I am focused on something and then get interrupted. Caffeine is a no no."
Review of Vyvanse: "this drug not only gave me a low key eating disorder but it made me have terrible, TERRIBLE mood swings all the time. it would make me cry and be irrationally angry at everyone at the same time. on top of that I would bearly be able to eat because the pill is also used as a way to treat binge eating. it also made me feel like I was having a heart attack at times and my heart would feel like it was going to stop beating. the only positive is that yes it did improve my focus and motivation immensly."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "This medicine has changed my life.  I am a 43 year old female, diagnosed as an adult with ADHD.  I always knew I was meant for more than what I seemed capable of achieving - although I would by no means consider myself an underachiever. The statement "you don't know what you don't know" rings so true for me.  Immediately upon starting this prescription my world changed.  I was able to fully complete tasks, stay on schedule, CONCENTRATE, and prioritize...the list goes on and on.  I wish I had a "before and after" photo of my home.  The clutter, disorganization, and chaos is gone.  My house very much symbolizes my brain.  I feel like my mind has been freed from the "fog", and I am able to accomplish so much more now with much less stress."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Hands down the worst medication I've ever tried. My Psychiatrist suggested trying a newer ADHD drug but I was enamored by some of the reviews I read on here so I persuaded him to prescribe me Dexedrine. Well what a big mistake. I was given 10mg of Dexedrine and after two weeks of it working it completely backfired. It completely ruined my cognitive abilities. I couldn't do simple math, my depth perception was off, and my time perception was off as well. I was constantly late to appointments, I had to write down everything on the calendar on my phone otherwise I will forget or think I have more time than I actually had. I would be careful with this medication. It might work for you though."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I put my 6 yr old on this, 5mgs about 2 weeks ago. He is at school the whole time he is on it. He takes it at 7 am and by 4 when he gets home he is back to his hyper self. I can tell a little bit of difference though. Hhe has no reactions that I can tell."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Ritalin helped me when I was young. Now I'm 27 and using it again."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I have Bipolar and ADD, the antidepressants compromised my ability to focus and think cogently. I tried ritalin and adderall but with little improvement. Focalin gives me a good 4 hours of ability to concentrate on cognitively demanding tasks. I'm a college professor and I can vary the dosage slightly depending on the demands of my day/tasks with doctor's approval. This med. works very well, but wears off after about 4 hours and can leave me feeling drained. Overall, it's really helpful. Has not affected or caused any mania."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've started taking Concerta because of ADD when I was 21. I went to see my doctor, I was explaining to him that I had difficulty keeping up at school since I was a kid, but the only reason I'm in University was because I was in art school. He prescribed me concerta. If anyone took speed before, it's exactly the same effect. You do get a down. You are more focused. You loose weight. However, you can go to sleep at night. The problem is, I don't take it everyday, I think it's a little bit too harsh for me. I'll go see him again, maybe I have psychological issues.It DID help with my sleeping: I always fell asleep in the afternoon, it took everything I had to stay awake ( at school, at home, at friends house) I was known as the sleeper."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was prescribed vyvanse chewable 30 mg in the am and 30 at noon. I loved it, but had a month where I didn't take it regularly at noon. Dr suggested this because of the extended release. 2 weeks in: My sleep is concerning. I haven't hit rem in 3 days now. I have no appetite even in the am before I take the mydayis. I have to force feed myself, even icecream is a struggle after the 3rd bite. The 2-3 hours after I take it I feel lost, can't track conversations,  no/minimal recall, I can't even prioritize. After those hours things level out a bit, but I don't have the motivation I had with Vyvanse. I believe there is link between loss of quality sleep and stuggling to meet my dietary requirements and how the drug affects me."
Review of Strattera: "I'm a 32 year old male and have had symptoms of ADHD all my life, but chose not to treat it because the types of medications available seemed to 'take something away' from my personality.  I finally reached a point that my wife begged me to do something, so I started with Strattera due to my doctor's recommendation.  I've been on 40mg for 2 months now, and notice a major difference.  I now have a desire to get on the floor and play with the kids, whereas before it seemed tedious and boring.  I find that I'm not as tired at the end of the day/week because my thoughts are not distracted, by all the 'noise' that I seem to have from the ADHD.  I'm still new to the drug, and things could change, but for now, I am really happy."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have ADD caused by major depressive disorder and stimulants have done wonders for me! However, Adderall makes me feel very anxious and panicky, and I don't like it at all. It lasts a long time and sometimes I can't sleep at night because of it. Overall, it's an alright choice. Might switch back to Vyvanse"
Review of Daytrana: "I am 13 years old and was diagnosed when I was in kindergarten. I started taking medicine when I was in 1st grade. I started to use Daytrana when I was in 4th grade. Only my close friends and family knew I had ADHD. I was so embarrassed and was made fun of all the time. I was on 15mg but for the past couple of months I switched to 10mg. It works great and I recommend it to others. The patch you just stick on your hip and take it off after 9 hours. Sometimes I forget to take it off and can't sleep at all and if I don't take it I will bounce off the walls and I will eat so much that I either throw up or be very sick. When I do take it I feel like a normal person. It is hard to get the backing off sometimes but if you are careful it comes off."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have ADHD and this medication helps with everyday life. I can focus on what I'm doing. The only real problem I have with this medication is the fact that it affects how I treat others. In other words I get agitated a lot faster.  I don't want to be angry and before I took this medication I would always turn the other cheek, but now unfortunately I get real angry really fast."
Review of Concerta: "This is it. You might have to up or decrease you mg according to how you feel at first. I take 3, 18mg tabs in morning. It is the Concerta ER, lasts from 8-12 hrs. No side effects at all for me. I am calmer, more focused, and still get a lot done during the day. I easily go to sleep now. Recommended for ADHD though, not for ADD symptoms. I am energized during the day and do not "feel" like I am "coming off something". I highly recommend this."
Review of Strattera: "Strattera has changed my life, my relationships, and the way I feel about my self. This drug takes time to get into your system mine took about 2 months, with some uncomfortable side effects at first, but one you over come those this medicine truly works. The problem is most people just want to jump to the next drug. I feel like a normal human being I'm no longer extremely reactive, irritable, irrational, and emotionally all over. I have found to be emotional yet stable (I'm not just some zombie) I am not constantly making impulse decisions. I have improved my relationships with my family and friends and feel finally like my self and have control over my life. So great film and I hope many others find the same happiness. female 21"
Review of Strattera: "This medicine was awful for me. I felt nauseous taking it, moodiness and had a hard time staying awake after 3-4 hours. I also had a hard time driving during that time too. Do not like it"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have taken Adderall XR for 6 years now. I started with 20mg once a day and now I am taking 25mg twice a day. I had severe ADHD since I was very young and Adderall XR seems to have taken me out of a fog I felt for many years. After reading other postings I question If I am taking too much of this drug. I do not have any side effects, but I can definitely tell when it is wearing off. It seems I cannot wake up without it and my second dose at noon is never forgotten, or I will start to really drag. I'm worried I am dependent on this drug and it scares me. Now it seems like the dosage is not as effective as I am very tired by 8:00 pm. Overall this drug has helped me tremendously with ADHD and depression."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My doctor originally put me on Ritalin, and I stayed on it for 2 months. It made me very sick to my stomach, although it did improve my concentration. I have since switched to another medication and am doing much better."
Review of Vyvanse: "I was on Ritalin for years until my doctor put me on Vyvanse. Vyvanse kicks in 'quietly' and lasts longer."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a junior in high school who was just diagnosed with both severe ADD and ADHD. I go to a pretty good high school where I achieved around a 3.2 last year (generally get a 3.6 but last semester of my sophomore year I got like a 2.7). After I got on Vyvanse my GPA went up to around a 4.0 and I am in mostly honors and AP classes. Although I was always thought to be smart and nobody ever denied that, they would say I was lazy and unorganized and simply didn't apply myself. Now I get A's without effort, my teachers love me, I hardly have to pay attention, and I also have a love for school/my subjects that I didn't have before. I am now excited to go to school and function on a much higher level. I would most definitely recommend Vyvanse."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "It's amazing but don't take 5 or 6 or 7 you will feel sick and stay up and not eat for a day or 2 but if you want a fun focus high go small like 2 or 3 then work your way up if you want to buy its not fun with a lot you start hearing thing and seeing things and you get scared easy but fun at the end did my college homework project and easays and other things I had to do for college got all done in that 24 hour period still up and feel hyper and awake but I know I'm going to crash very soon but the drug does it job 100% for me when I do 1 10mg or 2 10mg I do 2 for test the next day soo I know I'm up and ready for it"
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I'm 46 and was diagnosed with ADHD 2 times when I was a kid but never took the medicine. My life's always felt out of control and emotional roller coaster. I tried Adderall first but it made me to jumpy. I switched to Dextroamphetamine and once I got past the first week and up to my 20 mg a day everything became so much easier to deal with in life. Less stress, better sleep at night and makes me feel "normal". Best medicine in the world but the cost is absolutely ridiculous as I have no insurance."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been on Vyvanse for over a year, started at 20mg then 30,40,50 and decided 40mg was perfect for me. I am a college student and have always had undiagnosed ADHD. MY grades in high school were mostly C's and B's. After being on Vyvanse my grades went up. It was weird because I felt more over-stimulated Adderall type buzz/high feeling at 20 and 30mgs. I liked that feeling but I was having side effects like lack of sleep. I actually then upped my dose to 50mgs. Around that time I was holding 2 jobs and studying full time, 6 college classes. The 40 and 50mg actually made me feel more normal as if I wasn't taking anything except my mind was focused. I lacked side effects and everything was perfect. My grades are now 3.5GPA thanks to Vyvanse."
Review of Vyvanse: "My son is 13 and has been on several ADHD medications.  I liked the Vyvance at first because I did see an improvement in his ability to sit and listen and pay attention, however it didn't last long enough.  The doctor has increased the dosage several time and now he is up to 60mg daily. The problem is that he has lost over 20lbs because he simply won't eat and now it seems after four months on this medicine its like his body has adapted to it and he is super hyper.  I spoke to the doctor about it and he said he can do real damage at his age with the weight loss and not eating and that the stimulant is actually wiring him up.  We are going to take him off of the Vyvanse and put him on a non stimulant medication."
Review of Vyvanse: "I started on the medication and it worked fine. A month later if i didn't take it i would get huge mood swings and usually start crying about everything. in those mood swings i usually felt like i was worthless and couldn't do any thing right."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Been taking Concerta XL for a while with a steady titration from 18mg up to 81mg. I take it around 9am each morning and the first few hours are very restless. However by early noon say 1-2pm I go into a slow sometimes dragging comedown which makes me sleepy and therefore having a knap during the day. This leads to an almost sleepless night which can upset my brain in many ways.Positives:Alert, talkative, sociable and above all CONCENTRATE.Negatives:Jaw Clenching (gurning), sweaty, sleepless night (because of the midday knap)All in all I have tried alteting dosage times in the morning and I can quite easily eat without feeling nausea. Weight loss is noticable but at a good stable rate. Many people have to give Concerta a chance."
Review of Armodafinil: "My initial QbTest score was 99. I was prescribed Vyvanse 20mg but was supposed to be taking 3/day. I misunderstood and only took 1 early in the morning on the day of my follow up test. I have Nuvigil that I take occasionally for shift work sleep disorder. I took one to help stay alert on my afternoon drive to the follow up test. My QbTest score dropped from 99 to 12. I am sure that the Nuvigil is responsible because the Vyvanse was taken at the lowest dose and several hours outside the time window."
Review of Vyvanse: "This worked amazing with my son. Our biggest problem was he didn't want to eat and lost a lot of weight."
Review of Adderall: "I like Adderall for my ADHD a lot.  It keeps me focused and I am able to concentrate and accomplish the things that I need to get accomplished, also it helps me with my depression a lot because it makes me feel more happy and motivated."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Only side effect is can't sleep and lost 4kg in 1 week"
Review of Adderall: "I have been taking Adderal  for 2 years now (3 of the 30mg tablets a day). It's a great way to get your work done in school and anything else you may need motivation to do. It also makes me more social and interesed in things I wouldn't normally be interested in.The bad thing about it is that if you go even one day without it you eat 3 times more than you usually would and you feel irritable and agitated.overall- coudlnt live without it"
Review of Atomoxetine: "I was given a starter pack of a month long supply of Strattera from my Psychiatrist. I'm currently about two weeks in (starts you at 20mg and ends at 80mg) and the reason I am giving the drug this rating is due to me being unsure about how it's affected me thus far. When I first started to take it my anxiety subsided and I felt normal and back on track again. This lasted for the first week. I was even able to travel alone to be with my fianc in Mexico. I've never traveled much, let alone by myself. I did this with ease. Now back from my trip and having increased the dosage to I believe 60 or 80 right now, I don't feel the same. Sadly. :-( I'm disheartened because I thought this was my cure all after a terrible winter."
Review of Vyvanse: "My experience was one of "thank goodness" until 17 days after. Now I am VERY irratable with little or no patience. I am seeing my doctor today for an update and will ask him to let me try (again) Dexedrine. I did not want to go off of it but I think because Vyvanse is new, well you can fill in the rest. The Dexedrine has been around for a long time and I feel it is above and beyond others with knowing what to expect all the time. Good luck to all of you. God Bless."
Review of Adderall: "I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia over two years ago, have been struggling with it for about 7. Recently went to a psychiatrist because my pain doctor and pcp suggested it because of me complaining about concentration and fatigue issues. I have only been on this a short time but so far it's been A LIFE SAVER. I was started on a low dose of course just 10mg once a day IR. I could easily take 3 of these a day. My pain doctor recently put me on the lowest dose of a butrans patch and it's made a huge difference but my energy was still gone and I still struggled (I only worked on average 20 hours a week because doing much more has been too hard and I have an easy job in an office ). This adderall may save my life I'd write more but it won't let me"
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm a 24 year old recovering alcoholic and drug addict, I've been misdiagnosed by many doctors, been on several medications such as lithium and prozac (which I reacted horribly too and sometimes ended up in a psych hospitals) as a result of those misdiagnosis and I was untreated for ADHD my entire life since I was first diagnosed at the age of 9. I've been on Vyvanse for over a year now under the direction of a new doctor/addiction specialist and this medication has CHANGED MY LIFE. It has made me more focused and productive, more motivated, less hyper, less anxious; it has also CURED my insomnia. This is the real me: balanced, organized, articulate, focused and productive. So happy a doctor finally got my diagnosis right."
Review of Vyvanse: "My Grandson was diagnosed with ADHD two years ago when he was 7. We started him in councelling and they recommended we try medication. I resisted not knowing much about ADHD.  They tried him on a couple of different medicines (without success) before we tried Vyvanse the first dose 30mg did show a vast improvement but it didn't last long. We increased the doses several times before reaching his current dose of 60mg.  Like the others have stated he has loss of appetite and trouble going to sleep. They continually monitor his weight and take blood samples to make sure there is no harm to liver and kidneys. He still has occasional meltdowns which we have learned to recognize. In school he has gone from impulsive to compulsive but again it runs in spurts."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am reading different ADHD meds affect ppl differently. I see ppl posting that the same mgs meds from different manufacturers have varying potency. I was an ADHD child. I am now 56 y/o. I started taking Concerta (long acting ritalin) 56 mg from 2007 to 2014, then a new dr wouldn't prescribe it for me in 2014. It was a miracle drug. It gave me energy, strength, focus, avid concentration, a positive mood, goals and hope. Now, I have been off ADHD meds for 2 yrs. I gave it time to see if I could get better without it. It's getting worse. I stay in bed, don't shower, no motivation. Drs fear addiction 'coz of my age. I can't go on as a vegetable. Off the meds I grind my teeth like mad. I am gnashing my teeth from aggravation and lack of focus."
Review of Focalin: "My 9 yr old son who has ADHD and ODD has been on Focalin XR for roughly 5 months now after going through 3 other different medicines for his ADHD that produced a lot of side effects. He dropped down to 42 lbs. VERY SCARY, and he would refuse to eat, period. He also takes 1 mg of Risperdal at night.He has a very high tolerance and is given 40 mg of Focalin XR daily. This is the only drug I have found that does not affect his appetite. He eats non stop when he gets home from school until he goes to bed at night. It has calmed him down  but it seems to wear off after 6 hours. Other than that, this medication is GREAT and I will continue to give it to my son."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm a 46 y.o. female and have been taking Vyvanse for approximately 3 months. I started out on 50mg in the morning and it worked great by giving me energy and completing projects. However, I would get tired after 8 hours. After 1 month of taking 50mg x1 a day my doctor switched me to 30mg twice daily to prevent that tired feeling after 8 hours. After 2 months of taking 30mg x2 a day I'm tired a lot and seemed to have already built up a resistance to it. Maybe I just need to increase the dose, not sure. This medicine worked great at first for ADHD and I'm hoping I can increase the dose and feel energetic and focused again. The side effects I have experienced are, weight loss (13lbs) the first month but gained 8 lbs back, and have bad breath."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was in 3rd grade and went through just about every medication. I have anxiety and some medications really made it worse. Now 18 and in college and I've been on adderal 20mg extended release for 3 years and every once in a while I take a "tolerance break" taking a break from it really does help when you go back to us using it. Take it early in the day or else you will most likely be awake until late hours of the night"
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 8 year old son has been on Daytrana for approximately 6 months and I have to say of all the ADHD medicines out there this is the best. We have tried almost every ADHD medicine out there and nothing lasted as long as it was supposed to or had no effect whatsoever. The only problem with the patch is its sticking. It never seems to stick and in the summer I had to find something waterproof to put over it."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Concerta helped me so much. Before Concerta, I dreaded doing school work or even regular household chores. While on it, I want to do my homework and chores. It makes me 200x more focused overall, which means more learning and better grades. I went from C's and F's to A's and some B's"
Review of Vyvanse: "My son has been on this since last year, from the start of school (2nd week of August) until the end of September he had 32 office referrals! I was at wits end and didn't know where to turn and as a Psychology major didn't want to use meds, but needed something. We talked to his doctor and she prescribed this and at first it was rough the first week his attitude became worse and my wife wanted to try something new but I stuck with it and from the time he went on the meds to the end of the school year he only had 1 office referral and that was because we forgot his meds. Now the he does play sports and has a great personality but the only problem I have is his weight. Since he has been in it now for 1 year he has lost 3-5 lbs."
Review of Strattera: "Strattera made me tired during the day and kept me awake at night. It was miserable at night. I took it for 3 months before I couldn't take it anymore. Now I take 200 mg of wellbutrin twice daily and that seems to help quite a bit with my moral and the way I view myself in the world. Honestly the strattera made a zombie out of me."
Review of Ritalin: "Ritalin is great . I ve been taking it for 6 months now after being diagnosed with adhd. Now I can focus on my school work and stay alerted when last year I was sleeping the whole day during school and could learn anything. Marks of course have jumped from C to A as I can focus and stop doing stupid mistakes in tests that I didn t realize I was doing nor could spot due to the lack of patience. Impulses have been reduced also"
Review of Adderall: "I'm 24 years old and have taken Adderall over the course of 10 years. I know the only side effect I couldn't control is the stunting of my growth. I'm 5'7" and I only grew 1/2 inch in high school. I'm given 90, 30mg monthly. It has always improved my grades, however knowing that tolerance builds I do not take it all the time. Remember you have to take care of your body, especially your heart and liver, because long-term use side effects are still not concisely known."
Review of Armodafinil: "I take this with other meds for my ADD and mania. Now my sentences come together and thought processes, I'm not always fighting to stay awake, I can concentrate on single subjects. Waking up in the morning from a night of Antipsychotic medication that knocks you out isn't a problem anymore. Would give it a 10 but it looses efficacy over time - moved from 250 mg. AM dose to 250 mg as soon as I awake and another 125 mg 4 hours later. Otherwise I feel a crash without my 2nd half dose. Find a coupon, this is no cheap drug."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have been on Straterra for about two months.  It certainly has a subtle affect that creeps up on you. It is not a stimulant so does not have that quick hit affect.  While taking it I feel a little dopey... but if I have been on it for a while and then lower the dose to one every two days. I can really feel the difference in my performance and focus.I went through a stressful experience which brought on some mania.  Stay off this medicine if you go through a similar experience.  It heightens panic and intensifies anxiety.Other then that seems to be good."
Review of Evekeo: "This drug has been far better at treating my ADD than any other drug. I have tried phentermine, aderall, ritalin, and straterra for my inability to focus. All other drug under the amphetamine category have caused extreme anxiety and ,when they wear off, horrible depression and negative thoughts. Evekeo has caused a minimum of these side effects and has increased my ability to focus. When the drug wears off, I feel like I go back to my normal state without all of the depression and negative thoughts. I don't want to describe it like this, but when it wears off it is a very "smooth" come down. I also like that it isn't extended release because other medications would last up to 16 hours, disrupting my sleep."
Review of Adderall: "I was once a procrastinating, underemployed, muscular 18 year old who was unsure of his future. My ADHD made it impossible to focus, my motivation was terrible, and I snapped on anyone over the smallest thing. I knew about Ritalin...also knew its excess side effects. Heard about Adderall and decided maybe I should speak with my PCF. He prescribed me Adderal, a pill that can either make or break you. If you have had ANY history of drug abuse AVOID IT. It took me a month to realize I was abusing it. I lost sleep, weight, gained a tolerance. When I decided I'd better let my wife handle my medication, she gave me my  two IRs per day and still does. It helped alot. The medication is wonderful for ADHD but can very easily kill you if you abuse it"
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son has been taking Ritalin for around 6-8 months and the difference in him is just unbelievable, he's school work has improved, he's spelling and comprehension has gotten a lot better and he has excelled in maths and can actually remembers what he has learnt. He socially gets along better with other children and is less destructive when in a group setting. I was very hesitant to put my son on meds but now realise I made the best choice for him."
Review of Concerta: "My son who is now 7 was on Adderall XR for about 9 months. It made him more focused but aggressive and hard to get along with others. He's been on Concerta ER 18mg for almost 3 weeks at first he was complaining about headaches but his aggression has changed tremendously. He gets along well with his sisters and is able to control himself better. I think I'm going to like CONCERTA."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am 37 yr old Male. As a young adult I always found fascination in thinking about 25 things at once, and being excessively consumed with multiple projects. It wasn't until this year that I actually recognized that I never finished any of the 25 projects I started. I don't have any depression or severe symptoms, I just simply can't stop getting pulled into 20 directions all the time. I started, and am remaining on a 5mg twice/day prescription. The difference in my ability to get stuff done is like night and day. I don't take it after 3pm, or I wont be able to sleep at night. And I don't take it on the weekends. On days where I feel somewhat sane, I don't take it either. "
Review of Clonidine: "I started my son on this medicine on Friday.  He is doing well.  No emotional break-downs, no crying.  The only issue I am having is he is falling asleep around noon every day.  He hasn't had a nap since he was 16 months old.  He is 7, going on 8. I can't imagine his teacher will be all that amused when he goes to sleep during class tomorrow."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "When I was diagnosed with ADHD in the 3rd grade they put me on Adderall and then I became a person I was not. I had social anxiety but got exceptionally good grades in school where others failed. Adderall changes your personality and was the worst 12 years of my life, I had no friends because engaging in conversation was nearly impossible. It traps your thoughts in a prison of your mind and suppresses any creativity. "
Review of Strattera: "Got sick a good three times during the first week and felt dizzy. Continued to take it for another 2 weeks every morning but it made me drowsy to the point that I had to take a nap everyday. Switched to taking it at night before bed and could not sleep at all. On a positive note I did notice my concentration levels increased a bit but was surprised how I could read an article or a textbook and remember the information I had just read."
Review of Adderall XR: "I am an adult, 54 years old, who was diagnosed with Adult ADD two years ago.  Adderall XR has made a huge difference in my quality of life.  I now have the ability to organize my day and focus on what I need to get done.  I fell very calm and can filter out all unecessary distractions.  I don't procrastinate like I use to whic has eliminated the unecessary anxioty in my life.  I work closely with my doctor to make sure that I am on the right dosage. i wish I had known about this 45 years ago!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Great medicine for motivation and getting your life in order. Thoughts are clearer now and I am wondering what my life would have been like if I started the therapy sooner. Have been taking 70mg daily for approx. 7 months. One drawback I have experienced is occasional impulsive behavior linked I believe to over confidence."
Review of Adderall: "I was on adderall for about 10 years after I lost too much weight on Dexatrin. I began when I was about 10 and went all the way up to 40-60 mg a day, depending on how I felt. I was great for focus, but I definitely had sweaty pits, which I find really annoying. After Adderall stopped working, I switched to Concerta for 3 years, then to VyvanSe, which was incredible. All of these medications, though, made me feel like a schizo. Because I started so young, I got used to the feelings, but I would be a robot when I was on them, and coming down, irritable until I ate, then crazy hyper. Adderall did everything it was supposed to do, and because of it I was able to get into a great boarding school, great college, and now grad school."
Review of Concerta: "As an adult with ADHD Concerta is the way to go. Focused and able to complete tasks. Although the lack of appetite and sleep come into play the time released 18mg work better for me then the 27mg...With 27 mgs I was tired and moody."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Updated since my last report. I tried 1-20mg & 1- 10mg; 4 hours later 1-20mg; 4 hours later 1-10mg. Been trying this for a couple weeks & so far it is working fine, from the time I wake up till the time I hit the hay."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I take 5 milligrams as needed for school. I take it right before school, maybe around 6am, school starts around 7am. I've noticed extremely dizziness, I get hot so easily, even more anxious, so much more depressed, so tired, terrible headaches, and excessive talking. I wake up in the morning to bump into every possible wall, my vision is completely blacked out. I can't walk for more than a mile, without feeling faint. I eat well and drink lots of water (due to a horrible experience with Vyvanse, in which i lost 20lbs) Not only that but falling asleep is killer. I've never taken such a small dose, and have such poor results."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I've been taking Adderall for 3 years and have experienced extreme nervousness, loss of appetite, trouble sleeping, dry mouth, dizziness etc. Adderall is not for all."
Review of Ritalin: "What can I say, dx with mild ADD too (who isn't anymore)  But this taken with Effexor XR has helped very much with apathy, motivation, energy and enjoyment of life!  Dr.'s reluctantly Rx this bc it is Schedule 2 substance and is mostly Rx'd for ADD/ADHD but it has a profound effect in boosting the effects of an antidepressant.  Taken alone for depression?  Not really a good idea bc it wears off fast.  I take 20-30 mg a day (TID)"
Review of Adderall: "I was recently put on Adderall for ADD. I have suffered ever since I can remember with not being able to focus on anything, having a wandering mind, and doing very poorly in school. I began to just think school wasn't for me. I had heard many negatives on Adderall and that is why I never asked my doctor if it would be an option for me. He suggested I give it a try and now I am on 10 mg every day/as needed and I feel better than I have in years. It has helped my depression/anxiety as well. I am happy to learn now and attend school. Wonderful drug for me."
Review of Guanfacine: "The brand version of Intuniv has been extremely helpful for my son with helping him to moderate his ADHD behaviors.  He was diagnosed with the hyperactive subtype, and the problematic behaviors all but disappeared while taking a daily 2mg dose.  He has been taking Intuniv for over 4 years now with no observed side-effects."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Can't tolerate stimulants, so only choice was non-stimulant medication.  It does work, and I've definitely noticed a difference.  First couple of days I'd get real sick for a couple of hours, pretty nauseated.  But that went away after a while.  For the first two months, I rarely felt hungry, I dropped 15 pounds, but my mouth was always dry, and I was drinking liters upon liters of water every day.  Still some problems "downstairs", if you know what I mean.  Makes me pretty sleepy, so I usually take it right before I turn in for the day.  But honestly, even with all the side effects, it works well enough that I do continue to take it."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Worked for a half year, then I got paranoid, depression and ADHD started to show, and had really bad headaches."
Review of Kapvay: "My 6 yo tried this after Intuniv failed. It made him constantly tired and irritable, and actually made his impulsiveness worse since he just seemed cranky and emotional all of the time. It also constipated him to the point that ended up with fissures.It never made a meaningful dent in his ability to concentrate or sit still, and he became more argumentative in school and less willing to comply.I've yet to meet anyone that these work for, but it sure would be nice if there were a non-stimulant that worked. We're on stimulants now and still haven't found a miracle there, either.I will say that it didn't affect his appetite, which was nice."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am 43 years old, dropped out of high school, had many bad relationships, many bad decisions, and could never finish 1 thing when I started it, could never be organized, could never remember things when first told, always lost things or misplaced them, tripped over my own feet, and was never good at keeping appointments, I would forget about them. I have been on Adderall for 4 years, had my ups and downs with it, have had to change the dose some, go off of it on my days off, because it got to where it wasn't working as well, and if I medicated myself, I took to much, or not enough. I do notice a BIG difference in the generic, even though they say its the same. Adderall XR has worked wonders for me, and has changed my life."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse has worked wonders for me. It doesn't have the crash that other ADHD medications gave me and still keeps my attention up. "
Review of Methylin: "This drug has changed my life. I have ADD and depression. I used to not be able to get out of bed for a week at a time. Now I'm loving life hanging out with friends and happy for the first time in a long time. I've tried a few other ADD medicines they didn't really help me. I like the Methyln generic much more than any of them.  The only problem I have with it is that I don't like to stop taking it and go to bed, kinda like addicted to it while on it, but ONLY when I'm on it. Before I could go all day and not crave it, been on it a year now. It's just when I take my first one hard for me to not want to stay on it because I enjoy life so much more."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Concerta has helped me tremendously in school. My grades skyrocketed after only one semester of use. The first day, when I was on 18mg, I could already feel the effect. Now, I only take concerta (27mg) on school days and other days which I know are going to be exhausting. Even on the days I don't take it, I feel happier than before. Concerta  gives me motivation so I can actually live, which makes my motivation stick around. I can now socialise without feeling like my energy has been sucked out of me after one conversation. I can now do my homework and chores. I do things in my free time, instead of crashing in bed after a day of school.Though my appetite changed, and I lost a lot of weight, I have a lot to thank concerta for."
Review of Adderall: "I used to take Adderall.  My current doctor told me that Adderall is actually amphetamine and that while amphetamine will work for ADHD, it damages dopamine cells by releasing the dopamine inside the cell. She also said that there is increasing evidence that amphetamines increase risk for parkinson's disease even when it is used as directed."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I've been taking Strattera since I was finally diagnosed in February with predominately inattentive type ADHD and I think I might stop taking it altogether. It's helped with my attention span a little, but the side effects largely overshadow this. I have never experienced such agonizing headaches since I started taking this medication, to the point where I've had to call off work several times because I'm so nauseous from the pain. It might just be the combination of medications (I also take Wellbutrin, Zoloft, and Trazodone), but I'd rather live without the headaches than continue taking Strattera hoping it will one day work."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Ughh I'm so depressed reading the positive reviews (I'm a bit envious I guess) but I take the adderal XR for ADHD and it would work for me for only an hour and that's it after that I would be a zombie. So tired, no motivation. Bed ridden to be honest. I'm devastated it works for so many people. I had such high hopes. Back to the scratch board again. I didn't want to believe it was the medicine because of all the positivity but it definitely is. Quite depressed."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I'm a 50 year old male diagnosed with depressive subtype ADD 15 years ago. I've tried Ritalin, Adderall, Dextrastat, Emsam, and various other antidepressants as I'm dysphoric. All these medicines have helped. Holiday's are good for resetting tolerance. Years ago, I needed 60mg Adderall in the morning and 30 at noon, after working up from Ritalin which became too weak. I'm on Prilosec for stomach acid now, and non-XR stimulants taken only in the morning still keep me awake at night, for which 0.5-1 mg of Klonopin cures. I don't get addicted to anything, so no problem, though nothing makes me feel really good either -even narcotics or sex! A well functioning mind and getting things done is my main high."
Review of Adderall XR: "Adderall XR does exactly what it's supposed to for me.  I suffer from very little noticeable side effects.  The most noticeable ones are insomnia when first taking this medication, lack of hunger in the beginning, and slight dry mouth. Overall the side effects are not bad at all.  The only negative for me is it feels like the medications stop working after 6 hours for me."
Review of Ritalin: "This is my miracle drug!"
Review of Concerta: "Since I've been on Concerta I've lost 9 1/2 pounds within the three months. So far I've had to go to the hospital because it has caused me to have bad anxiety. Also I can't eat, I can't sleep. Although it makes me sick everyday and I have depression, my grades have gone up. So I guess it helps with something."
Review of Vyvanse: "I started taking this about 7 months ago. I have never taken any prescibed medicine prior to this. I am 62. Was having problems focusing at work. Taking 30 mgs and don't want to increase. Sometimes will take a break on weekends like this weekend. Really helps with focus, memory and energy level. I don't notice any side effects. Hasn't effected sleep. I take at about 6:30 AM and it wears off by afternoon. It is pretty expensive because insurance doesn't cover and have to visit Dr. every month. If you are older and in good health and have ADD symptoms I suggest you look into this. Your body adjusts to it over the first couple months. The first time you take it you feel euphoric but that is not what you want. Keep taking small dose."
Review of Vyvanse: "Completely stopped all panic and anxiety that antidepressants never helped nor any kind of benzo. After two months I was able to wean off of my antidepressants and happily zero anxiety or panic. I started in July after a bad try for a month of Concerta. Been on it since now month 7. Tried a few dosages but 80 is what works best for me. Since stopping the antidepressant end of August, I have lost 25 pounds!!! It helps control binge eating that I did out of frustration of my disorder.... I now make clearer healthier food choices and drink a ton of water. You must be careful with the caffeine intake and may possibly need something to help you settle in to sleep at night. I should but choose to only take one med currently."
Review of Guanfacine: "Hey, my 6-year old was on this medication for about 7 weeks when he began to hallucinate (2mg). So we had switched to something else which actually made him worse then he was with out any meds. So we put him back on intiniv and started back at 1mg... This was about 2 weeks ago... And he has been doing fantastic!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "Well, it only took 33 years for me (and a good doctor), to figure out what was wrong with me. I have had unexplained tachycardia (did EKGs and no problems, although never during an episode) since about age 8-9, I've had episodes of fainting, syncope, almost fainting, fatigue, being hyper and crashing. ADD symptoms, depression, mania. I have been treated for Depression and Mania, 3 years ago, and came oh so close to a solution, but the wrong meds made it even worse. Took 2 years to recover. Until, I got a new doctor, who treated my ADD and after two failed attempts to tolerate Adderall and Ritalin, prescribed Straterra, in the first 40 minutes I tool 25mg, my ADD symptoms subsided, and ALL other symptoms have resolved."
Review of Intuniv: "My 6 year old son has Aspergers and ADHD. He takes Strattera and 3mg of Intuniv daily for about 3 months now.  While it seems as if I can actually get his attention now while before I could not hardly at all, he is still having trouble paying attention and completing work in school. He is getting in less trouble, fewer outbursts and staying in his seat. Though I feel I should credit that to the Strattera which he started just a month before the Intuniv. He can hold conversation now too. The big issue has been headaches and stomach pain, including vomiting and heartburn. He would say his stomach and chest burns and is hot. Well recently an ulcer was found. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was diagnosed with ADD at the end of grade 6 and started taking concerta in grade 7. I had no idea I had ADD and just though everyone was like me. I had no enthusiasm anything with school but after I took concerta I was like ADHD. So much hyperness and wanting to work. After raising the dose to 36mg I started to get very anxious about my heart feeling like it was beating too fast and was having like a panic attack or something so then I dropped back down to 27mg. The side affects I have is weight loss/loss of appitite, heart palpitations, sleep paraylisis, feelings of excitement. It works for me but I hate the side affects. I also lost 5lbs in one week when I first started and 20lbs in 2 years."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I would feel focused but always tired and the worst stomach pain for me personally."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Best ADHD medication I have taken. All the pros of Adderall without the crash or mood swings. However sometimes if I haven't taken it for a few days, when I take it again I get horrible migraines at night."
Review of Adderall: "I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was in the first grade and was put on many different ADHD medicines like Ritalin and Cycler to name a few and had bad experiences with both so in the 5th grade I took myself off of them and my grade dropped to d's & f's and I dropped out in 9th grade. Recentley I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder and was put on Depakote and Seroquel recently my doctor wanted to try me on Adderall and it has worked wonders for me. It has helped me stay focused and am able to sit still and it has helped with my bipolar disorder and I am no longer tired all day to to my pain management medicines. I highly recommend this medicine for anyone with ADHD and bipolar disorder. The only side effect is teeth grinding. Awesome medicine."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse changed my life for the better. I've been taking it for almost 2 years now and I honestly don't know where my life would be headed or where I'd end up without it, but looking at the direction it was going in before I got diagnosed with ADD, I wouldn't have gone far and probably ended up as a loser. I can finally read a book and know what I read or do my homework on my own! Since this medication; I stopped making stupid choices, went from D's to all B's. It helped my depression and it changed my life dramatically. My relationship with my friends and family has grown stronger. Before Vyvanse I pictured my future as a druggy, now I have a job and I am looking forward to becoming a vet."
Review of Concerta: "I actually have ADD. This medication gives me energy, helps me focus, and aids in retention of information. It is a vital part of my daily performance."
Review of Methylphenidate: "This medication is amazing! It made me human again! I can do everything now and accomplish anything I set my mind to! I can't believe the change it has brought in my life, I feel utterly grateful to whomever came up with the cure to help us function once again! I love myself & life once again :)"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I just recently started on vyvanse, and it works very well! So I'm 21, and in the past I've been on adderall, Ritalin and strattera. But none work as good as vyvanse. Adderall worked but left me feeling jittery, and Ritalin when it wore off I became angry. And strattera that's a whole nother story! But the main thing I like about vyvanse is I still am me. I don't feel jittery or like a robot. I'm me just with everything at a more calm controlled manner. The only downfalls are that it takes 2 hours to start working and only last 6-7 hours when I was told it would be 14 hours. But other than that it gets 2 thumbs up and 5 gold stars!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm 19 and I've been taking this medicine since 6th grade. It really helps now that I'm in College but there is one main thing I don't like about this medicine. It turns you into a zombie/robot effect. I'm a very sociable person but when I'm on this medicine I really become an anti-social person and sometimes I really get a "cracked out sort of feeling". Overall this medicine does help, but it does have it's side effects."
Review of Atomoxetine: "For me this drug causede headaches everyday, nausea and gagging, and dry mouth all the time. I noticed a change in personality - easily agitated, I was "distant" and lost my "affectionate side". My doctor made me come off it slowly before I started Concerta. Coming off it is just as bad."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been taking lisdexamfetamine since end of May 2013 but for weight loss. I noticed during a 10 day period I had to go off of lisdexamfetamine how much it helped me focus and function. I completed daily tasks and projects I even went back to finish college. I learned through this that I have ADHD I never knew this before. I knew of learning disabilities and vision problems from grade school no one ever tested or diagnosed me with ADHD/ADD until now and I am mid 40's basically started life over again now. I have noticed that I do feel the medication wearing off starting about 2-3pm but more of the energy part of medication I seem to still be able to focus most days. I started a vitamin supplements in the afternoons now."
Review of Bupropion: "Almost 30 and this is the first time I sought help for ADD. It has truly been a scourge in my life. Been on bupropion over 3 weeks. 300 mg per day. I don't have depression and am taking this for ADD. Nothing has changed for me other than urinating more."
Review of Concerta: "My daughter was diagnosed with ADHD in May 2009 on her 8th birthday.  She was put on Concerta and we immediately noticed a difference.  We have had to increase it a couple of times but there has never been a negative side effect. She even noticed the difference in her ability to focus at school and at home.  It has also helped her to maintain her friendships (she not as annoying). I am satisfied with how Concerta has helped my daughter."
Review of Kapvay: "My 7 year old daughter has been on Concerta 18mg for a year.  She started to tolerate that medicine, but I did not want to increase the dosage.  My doctor recommend we add Kapvay to her current concerta dose.  This has made all the difference.  She is no longer bouncing off the walls, jumping on the couch, or leaving half way through a meal.  She is engaged, focused and less moody.  Her emotions are more regulated and we did not tell her teacher but she even commented on the change without us sharing the news.  We are so happy, and this medicine is worth the time it takes to condition to the sleepiness that happens in the initial 2 weeks.  Hope the changes stay."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son was diagnosis with ADD two years ago. He was also struggling with Anxiety. Was seeing a therapist.  He is now 17  A year ago he was put on Vyvanse 30mg and 50mg of Zoloft.  My son did say that by the last couple of class it wears off.  3 months ago we down his Zoloft to 25mg.  His therapist discharged him saying he didn't need to come any more.  Now the 30mg  doesn't seem to be working.  We went back to his doctor who is new since his doctor left the firm. She is putting him on 40mg of Vyvanse. His other doctor didn't want to go up.  I wanted to up the Zoloft back to 50mg. Doctor says no take the higher dose of Vyvanse.  I have not started it yet. Have to wait because I just got the lower dose and the discount card won't pay twice."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son has has great results with this patch. He is 7, and on the 10 mg. He definitely has loss of appetite during the day, and it's hard to get him to sleep at a reasonable time, but he has had a complete turnaround at school. Since I know all ADHD meds have the same side effects I stated, my only real complaint is how it irritates his skin. He has taken it off several times due to itchiness (which does seem to go away after a couple hours). As for getting the backing off, I "warm it" between my palms for a minute or two, and peel from the pointed part of the backing. Works perfectly."
Review of Focalin XR: "I was diagnosed with ADHD when i was about 5 and my experience over all has been amazing ive been on it for 12 years now i take 40mg once in the morning and in the afternoon and by like 6pm it wears off(btw im 6 feet tall and weigh 225 lb thanks to this medication).  The only bad parts or symptoms im having are that Caffeine has no effect on me anymore( probably built up a tolerance thanks to the focalin) , I dont always sleep to well, and ever since i tuned like 14 my appetite went from non-existent to out of control (dont know why...) im 17 now and am an A- Student where as i was an F student before, I definitely recommend this but i should warn you all its not for everyone there are alternatives."
Review of Atomoxetine: "within the first week i started getting moderate then severe headaches, that nothing helped (tylenol, advil, aleve, aspirin, natural remedies etc) nothing touched them, and my adhd symptoms persisted  so they made my dose higher and the bigger the dose, the bigger the headache, until i couldn't stand it, and i just stopped taking it after 2 months of severe headaches, and they were so bad i couldnt tell if it worked for attention since i was too distracted by my headaches!  so i was getting distracted either way!  then finally after coming off for a month and being put on intuniv later, no more headaches! and i can actually focusalthough i don't speak for everyone,  there should really be a warning of severe headaches on the label!!"
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 16 and I started using Vyvanse a little over one month ago. I am a very bright student but I found myself struggling through school. I was diagnosed with ADD around 4th grade. I have always had trouble focusing and staying on task. I tried Concerta, Ritalin, Strattera and Adderal. After taking those I took about a 4 year break from medicine. I began Welbutrin and am now taking that in combination with Vyvanse. My grades improved tremendously. I can now focus and it shows. I went from a D in Algebra/Geo to an A. My life and confidence has improved more than I ever thought possible. I do have decreased appetite but other than that, this medicine is literally making my future brighter everyday."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My son went on Strattera... came off after about 6 months because he found it terrible and was causing him pain, discomfort (mentally) and he was constantly crying, hurting himself and even one time fainted."
Review of Ritalin: "My 7 year old son has shown ADHD symptoms for about 2 years or so but due to many changes in his life, I was unsure of the reason for this behavior. Now we've been settled in for >9 months and he has not improved, we have decided to medicate (after dietary changes and omega 3 gave no help). He has been taking Ritalin 10mg for 12 days now. The 1st week he had only morning dose at 8am. This wore off around 1pm. This week I've dosed him 4 hours later also. From 1st day the change was amazing. He was attentive and followed instruction throughout his swim lesson and his school teacher found great improvement in attention span, concentration and finishing tasks. He is not as angry or frustrated now. The only negative is that I find he gets emotional and 'teary' as it wears off."
Review of Concerta: "Even though concerts has been helping me in school, I still get a lot of the side effects. The biggest one is that I am never hungry and now I am underweight. I still recommend you this medication because it has helped me improve my grades in school."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have 3 children, 2 of whom are on Concerta. We have tried many things prior to this and nothing has worked quite as well."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Been on Vyvanse for three months now. I'm 6 foot 195 pounds and 20 years old but find even the 30 mg dosage to be more than enough for me. Experience occasional bouts of dizziness and when in stressful situation have some degree of chest pains. Lasts more than the full 12 hours for me. I have to wake up at 8 am in order to fall asleep around 1 AM.  Also when I take Vyvanse I notice some degree of hair loss. I feel as if my brain is telling my body to work and as a result my body is working in triple overtime to keep up."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Works like a charm.  It has significantly helped me with concentration- whether sitting in a lecture or retaining my train of thought, restlessness, and some impulsiveness.  One thing- for me, mixing with caffeine is a no-no, as it makes me jittery and shaky.  But I can do a half-caf coffee. Only negative things: tolerance does develop over time, unfortunately; it only lasts up to 12 hours, and as a student, I'm up early and go to bed late, so I take a 10mg Methylphenidate tablet 40 minutes before or after dinner to keep me focused for a bit longer.  Around 1 am though, I get pretty restless."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm a 40 year old male who didn't have the benefits of medications when I was in school. ADD wasn't as well known back then. I was diagnosed with hyper dyslexia. I always thought that it was strange because I didn't see letters backwards but I just accepted it. I was officially diagnosed with ADD in my mid 20's. I have taken most of the medicine options over the past 12 years including Concerta, Strattera, Adderall, Ritalin and Ritalin LA. Couldn't sleep on Concerta, I was out of my mind with Strattera, Adderall was like popping caffeine pills and Ritalin was too high maintenance as it neutralized after 2-3 hours. Then I found Ritalin LA. It's not the magic bullet but it's the best that I have found so far. It costs me 10X generic but worth it."
Review of Clonidine: "My son has used various stimulants for 5 yrs.  Still struggling because of impulsivity & super high metabolism, the docs wanted to add non-stimulants.  We started w/ Intuiv, which dropped his bp way too low (75/43) so stopped after 2 wks.  Tried Clonidine IR and it worked GREAT the 1st 2 days, then fine (not great, just fine).  The doc changed to Kapvay for long-acting effects, but we stopped after 2 wks because he got awful insomnia (took 2-3 hrs to fall asleep instead of his usual 15 mins).  Last night we went back to Clonidine IR - he fell asleep quickly and slept great!  I give Kapvay a 2 because it decreased his impulsivity a bit, but the insomnia was awful, he got more aggressive/emotional, and really affected him negatively."
Review of Vyvanse: "I was not officially diagnosed with ADD until I was 30yrs old. I have been on Vyvanse for over 10 yrs now. I have had to increase my amount from 30 to 50 and have now been at 60 for over a year now. Sometimes I feel it causes irritability, but other than that only dry mouth. It has definitely helped with my attention disorder. It initially made me lose 10lbs and then leveled out. I have always been athletic except when my chronic pain is too bad. My son has ADHD and took Concerts for about 2 yrs. It helped tremendously with his anger and outburst and his grades. I only wish that my parents had me tested when I was younger as we did for my son. It would have taken away a lot of heartache! My daughter never suffered thankfully."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been taking methylphenidate (Ritalin) for years. I started during my professional career, because according to my psych, I am "too smart to sit still", and that because of that, my brain gets bored easily then my attention span fades. With Ritalin I can focus like a laser on tasks, get much more done, stay organized, and it also helps with that afternoon sleepiness. Added bonus is it revs up your basal metabolic rate, and reduces appetite so you can lose weight easily.Downside, it increases BP. If you have high BP you may want to avoid it.I take a 20 mg pill 3-4 times a day, never after dinner if you want to sleep."
Review of Vyvanse: "I wouldn't typically give any drug such a high rating, but Vyvanse has truly changed my life with few if any side effects. I take 20 mg once a day, and it lasts 12 to 14 hours. It took about 2 weeks of trial and error to find the dosage, but it was very worthwhile. I am happier, less anxious, and significantly more organized than I have ever been. I am a student and many areas of my life--academics, social functioning, general health, etc.--have all improved greatly. The inattentive fog has cleared, and I finally feel able to create the life I want to be living. Better control over my life has also given me back self-esteem and stabilized my moods. I am so grateful."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have a son that has struggled with an attention problem in school since kindergarden. He is now 11 years old. We tried everything not to put him on medication. The homework struggle and impulsiveness became too much for us to handle, and we finally agreed to try something. His doctor told us about a new ADHD medication called Vyvanse. Believe this or not, it was like magic the first day. He was able to get all his work done in class, and went from a A,B,C student to all A's and one B in one quarter. We have the report cards to prove it. The side effects are minimal and for him the 30mg works great. I encourage anyone battling this problem to ask their childs doctor about Vyvanse. It has changed by sons life as well as ours."
Review of Focalin XR: "My daughter has been on this medication for a little over a year. She is doing wonderfully on it, besides her attitude and behavior when it wears off.  I do however, give her an additional pill in the afternoon if we have something to do in the evening. The only side effect that she gets is not wanting to eat. She has been on several other medicines and this one is the best."
Review of Clonidine: "My 7 year old son has severe ADHD, ODD, and anxiety. We started him on Vyvanse 20mg, Depakote twice a day, and Kapvay .1 in the evening last week. We were worried because he talked SO much like he was on speed, and ran around the house looking for paper, books, pens to write with and never sat still but he was very pleasant when we started the Vyvanse. However, he was Always saying I'm sorry for blurting, please, and thank you which was unheard of before starting the Vyvanse.  We were noticing around 4:00 the Vyvanse wearing off and the aggression and whining came back with a vengeance! We added another .1 mg Kapvay after school with his Depakote and the result was AMAZING. He is pleasant ALL day long."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 7 year old son started Vyvanse about 3 weeks ago.  The first day he took a 30 mg dose which made him like a zombie all day and absolutely manic all night.  He literally stayed up all night and ran up and down the hall and talked incessantly.At the end of my rope at 7 am I paged his doctor.  We lowered the dose to 15 mg.He seemed initially to do better on the 15mg and was doing well in school.  He became more aggressive and started having OCD behaviors of constantly washing his hands (I counted 30 times in an hour) and crying and staying up all night.  Last night he stayed up until 4:30 am and I was at my wits end.So today his doctor is switching him to another medication but we may try it in a combination."
Review of Adderall XR: "I started taking Adderall XR 12 days ago and I love it. I immediately started focusing better. I now feel great when I wake up knowing that I will be able to get things done that have been put off for so long. My memory and self esteem have improved dramatically. Only side effects I am experiencing are dry mouth and mild headaches."
Review of Concerta: "This is a great medicine. The first 2 days I felt ill on it nausea mainly and I find sleeping incredibly difficult but don't mind so much as I don't feel bad for it the next day. It's also making me dream a lot but overall I feel great and have much more of a will power to do everything. I started on 18mg and on Friday I go up to 36mg so see how they go."
Review of Concerta: "It has literally made me who I am. If I didn't take it I wouldn't focus, I wouldn't pass school. It helps a lot."
Review of Adderall: "I always knew I was different from everyone else. I was very quiet and shy. But in my mind I couldn't shut up. My mind was loud. In class I could never stop fidgeting, playing with my hair, scratching an itch, doodling on notebooks. I wondered why nobody else squirmed around like me. At 24 I was diagnosed with ADD. Adderall is life changing. I'm finally normal. I feel like everyone else. My mind is at ease. I am in charge of my thoughts. I can have genuine conversations with people without my mind wondering. I am finally happy after years of struggles. I am organized and more peaceful. "
Review of Strattera: "Well I been on this medication since I was 9 to about 13 years on age and I was wondering was that a to long amount of years on medication I'm 19 now"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been taking 30mg of Vyvanse for one week now. It works great. The first day I could really feel the amphetamine and found it too strong and unpleasant but on day 2 I did not feel bad from it. It lasts long, probably 12-14 hours and is very smooth. The crash is relatively mild.Previously I have been on dexamphetamine IR 3x10mg/day for one month which worked really well, but I wanted something that is sustained released. Before that I was on Ritalin IR and LA for over 15 years. The Methylphenidate just did not work as well as it used to and I found the side effects more and more unpleasant. I can really recommend Vyvanse so far. I am really calm from it and can focus very well on tasks. It also has less cardiac side effects than others."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I work in a call center and I was made aware of my hyperness and also that I was speaking way too fast to our customers on the phone. In reality I always knew I was a bit loud with my voice and with my actions. I was diagnosed with ADHD and placed on Vyvanse and to my surprise my world changed I am able to focus not just at work but in my life as well. I feel like every thing has been placed in order. Things make sence to me and I love the feeling. I am glad to have this medication in my life, and I don't see myself as ever going back to living the way I was."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 17 and on 60 mg of Vyvanse. I weigh about 112 lbs. I don't know if it's too high a dose, but ever since I got it increased from 50 to 60mg. I've been feeling actually tired, which is a surprise to me because it's a stimulant. I've also had more intense dizziness and headaches, and I had heart palpitations on the 50, but now they're more frequent, and chest pain, heart races, but I'm able to focus a little better."
Review of Metadate CD: "My son has been on this medication for 4 years. He's now on 40 MG and it has been a Godsend! He went from Ds and Fs to As and Bs.  It wears off after school but as long as he makes it through school that's all that matters to me!!! I would recommend this medication to any parent. It truly has helped our son and brings out the best in him!"
Review of Concerta: "Had ADHD symptoms growing up, due to cultural reasons and beliefs, family always dismissed it. In 2nd year law school at the moment, had to work 5x harder than others. Started living away from family and finally got ADHD diagnosis done. Was prescribed concerta. I was 154cm height and 47kg before concerta. Titration period - 18mg 1 week, 27mg 1w, 36mg 3w and 54mg 8w. 18-27mg at first was amazing. No side effects, brimming with motivation but, wore in 4h. 36mg, was ok but wasn't as great as the initial effect, wore off after 4h. 54mg, developed an uncontrollable cough, mood swings, dry mouth, anxiety. Lost 5kg weight. Now on Vyvanse. Cough took 2 + weeks since quitting concerta to stop. Advice - if side effects are bad & lasts 1w+ change meds!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "Better than Ritalin. "
Review of Focalin: "My daughter (8 yrs old) started taking Focalin 5 weeks into this school year.  Her teacher agrees that it is working wonderfully for her.  She is focused and her grades are great.  She was struggling to read, to make it through a regular school day, to do homework and to get along. We asked her how she feels on Focalin and she said " I feel so much better".  She is on 15 mg once daily and it is SUPER."
Review of Adderall: "Adderall IR had the same duration of action as Adderall XR for me. Both of them only had lasting effects for four hours and then quit."
Review of Adderall: "This medicine has helped my son be able to control his impulse decisions and helped him be able to go to school and do homework."
Review of Strattera: "Did not seem to notice much improvement, was on it for probably 8-10 wks."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Through testing, I was determined to have Adult Attention Deficit Disorder (AADD). I had gotten to the point where I could not read, and reading has been the love of my life since age 6. I'm 70 now. I found it hard to get anything done, hard to remember what I was doing. It's hard to say how much of this was caused by five year abusive relationship, finally ended in Jan 2015. I am now reading like I used to: novels, studies for school, keeping on on world affairs, etc. What a gift! My psychiatrist wants me to continue Ritalin. Past history shows I snowballed into depression without it. I do take her advice, but it makes me so hyper! I have to take xanax to calm down. Taking one drug that requires taking another is not a good thing in my book, but what can I do?"
Review of Vyvanse: "I think it might be just as good as Adderall. I can't tell fully yet as I haven't totally adjusted to it. I do feel clear headed, focused and content."
Review of Adderall: "I'm a 31yr old female, 5'4, 115lbs. I was 1st prescribed adderall in 2012, so I've taken it about 3 1/2 yrs. within that time there's ben a few situations that forced me 2 go with out meds for a week or more, which reminded me how much it helps! Without it I could sleep 18hrs for days & still be wanting 2 sleep an hr or so after getting up! I can sleep while taking it, but don't have the strong compulsion to. The first day taking it I've learned 2 only take half bc if not it feels like I'm on cocaine, even after just a week of not having it. But the 2nd day & thereafter is fine.I  never experiencd any "comedown" like some ppl. The only negative is without it I get agitated easily & get on my own nerves when it comes 2 lack of concentration, forgetfulness,n sleeping 2 much."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My daughter has inattentive ADHD."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I am a 31 year old female and I tried strattera as my first adhd medication. I have been on an antidepressant for years as well. I liked the way this medication made me feel so much calmer. However, it gave me miserable heart burn, to where I would lose sleep and be so uncomfortable at other times as well. I also felt a little agitated but my anxiety level did go way down on this medication. I also had to take it at night because it made me very sleepy. Upon my doctors advice we decided to change to adderall er."
Review of Amphetamine: "It's works but my child doesn't like the bubble gum flavor. Will be trying something else."
Review of Concerta: " am a 28 year old female with ADD and mild form of narcolepsy. Before Concerta,  was tired and sleepy ALL the time and distracted. Its gotten to the point where t was affecting my work.  thought enough was enough and went to my doctor. Concerta was the first medication he prescribed and its the best. But we experimented with Adderral (good pill but knocked me out at 7:00pm after t wore off, so t didnt address narcolepsy) and Ritalin (heart rate was just insane) and Vyvanse (gave me anxiety that I never had). With Concerta  have 0 side effects,  am never sleepy anymore (but sleep well at night) and distraction levels have decreased significantly. Giving t a 9 because  am not at 100% with focus.  wish it were slightly stronger."
Review of Adderall XR: "I'm in high school, and just got prescribed to 30mg Adderall XR. When you take it, it starts to work in 30-45 minutes. You are supposed to be able to feel the effects for around 10 hours I believe, and I only feel them for 6 or 7. I feel the full effect for 3 or 4 hours and then they gradually weaken. I told my doctor that I get bored listening to the teacher talk for an hour straight, and get distracted very easily. I thought that the Adderall was going to make me pay attention and not get distracted, but the only thing I have noticed so far is that it makes me very neat with everything (which comes in handy at times). However, it seems like whenever I take it I'm in a good mood. Overall I like it."
Review of Intuniv: "We have had much success with our 11 year old on this medication.  He is conversing with us more and stays better focused on the task at hand (i.e. school work). He is not as easily frustrated by things and has started sharing his feelings which he never did before.  He started on the Tenex in August 2009 and we switched to the Intuniv about two months ago.  Tenex helped but Intuniv seems to have really done the trick.  We still have some issues, but everything is more tolerable for both him and us!"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD about 6 months ago,he is 7 years old, this medicine Works great. He's not zombified. Helps him to really focus and helps with school. Only side effect I noticed is he doesn't have a appetite and it wears off about 4pm and he eats like crazy then. No mood swings. Very satisfied with this medication."
Review of Adderall: "I started taking adderall in 2012 to 2015 with a 15 month break in 2014 due pregnancy and breastfeeding. I was diagnosed with ADD as a child but held off on taking medication until I was 26. Adderall immediately helped with focus and even energy and motivation. I excelled at work and finally was able to complete tasks instead of starting them and trailing off to something else. In 2015 when I discontinued adderall, I was taking a pretty high prescribed dose of 30mg twice a day. I started noticing the cons of the come downs were outweighing the pros of when the medication was working. I had anxiety, irritability and extreme fatigue. They switched me to dex which was much smoother but has increased my BP. I try Vyvanse tomorrow."
Review of Concerta: "just got diagnosed with add and im 19yrs old the doc prescribe me 36mg concerta and this my second day taking the pill and i still feel the same"
Review of Vyvanse: "This medication saved my life! Better than any anti-depressant I've ever tried (and I've tried A LOT). Currently on it to help with my ADHD and Manic Depression (Bipolar 2)Side effects are small and definitely worth it (to me, at least). Dry mouth and decrease in appetite.I've also lost 40 pounds since I've been on it (Went from 182 pounds to *currently* 142 pounds)"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "WARNING: Majority of the positive reviews for this drug are from people that are new to Vyvanse and problem is that this drug works wonders at start but benefits quickly starts to diminish and side effects start to get worse.I took vyvanse for two years and at first it worked great for ADD. However after taking it consistently for few months I started experiencing anxiety, depression, aggressiveness, anti social behavior, insomnia and isolation... things I never experienced before in my life. The drug is also very addictive because if you stop you feel 100x worse then before you started taking it but the longer you take it the higher dosage you need to get same effect. Eventually it stops working and you just need it to get out of bed."
Review of Pristiq: "Was given a prescription to Pristiq to help with ADHD in addition to Xanax for anxiety.  The first day I noticed an improved mood, but initially thought it was the Xanax.  After taking Pristiq first thing in the morning and holding off on the Xanax, I noticed a significant improvement in mood over no medication, and a slight improvement over taking both Pristiq and Xanax.  Between the two of them, they seem to keep my anxiety and focus in a healthy range.  The only side effect I've noticed is slight jaw fatigue from clenching.  Pretty minor though, and something I have no problem dealing with."
Review of Wellbutrin XL: "Absolutely brilliant medicine....... I live again."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "My face breaks out in itchy blotchy spots and I never sleep"
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Diagnosed anxiety, depression and ADD. Have been on Ritalin but side effects were too severe, making depression and anxiety worse. On d-amp for 2 weeks now. It's doing its job and I barely have any side effects."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "My daughter is 7 years old and was found to have ADHD when she was 6 years old. To my dismay we found out too late and she had to repeat the first grade over. Now she has been on Adderall for almost a year and is a straight A student with good conduct. She has made a complete turn around from an uncontrollable child with compulsive behavior and a severe attention deficit problem to being a model student who loves school and is proud of who she is now and all the accomplishments she has made. We are so proud of her and how far our little girl has come. Straight A's we never thought it would happen. We knew she was very intelligent, but she needed help showing everyone. Now she can do it all."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "The most reliable and consistent ADHD CNS I've ever taken! Their new instant release tablets they came out with recently, are really great. Instead of taking the usual four salts (Adderall), you have one (Dextroamphetamine Sulfate). My grades and focus went up about 30 percent after taking these on right dose. I've been stuggling with ADHD since I was 6 yro. Also, I take 30mg x 3 per day. I always joke with friends that dexy makes me feel sexy."
Review of Kapvay: "We have a 8 year old who we adopted from foster care last year.  He was diagnosed with ADHD soon after.  He was put on Concerta.  We saw definite improvement.  But early this year, he started exhibiting increased symptoms of ADHD.  He could not fall asleep until late so we used Melatonin.  His doctor started him on Kapvay about 5 weeks ago.  We started seeing a great improvement the first week because he fell asleep without Melatonin and started getting 10 hours of sleep.  The second week we added the morning dose.  Mornings immediately became incredible.  We no longer needed check lists for him.  The teacher said he still needed better focus so he is now on .3mg.  He is doing incredibly well.  His doctor is going to ween him down on Concerta."
Review of Atomoxetine: "First of all, unless Strattera is seriously messing with your brain, you should really be patient and keep taking it to see if it really works. I thought several times about quitting, but since I have been fighting depression and ADHD my whole life, why not give it another month to take effect? I started a month at 25mg, a month at 40mg, and about 2 weeks at 80mg. Wow, have things really taken off for me! I am getting so much done at home and am motivated to get a job again! The one downside is the cost. Seriously? My insurance won't cover it so my 80mg prescription was almost $500! To combat nausea, take with food always! It may interact with vitamins too, so take those at the opposite time of day. Most side effects went away after 2 wks."
Review of Concerta: "My daughter was diagnosed with ADHD in the 2nd grade and her doctor and I discussed different medications and settled on Concerta. Grades were never a problem, but behavior and socialization were. She hated the medication and would spit it out or hide it. It gave her headaches, loss of appetite and sleep loss. Eventually she began taking it regularly and began to do well in school. The behavior problems ceased as well as socialization. She took this medication for about 2 years and then I decided to pull her off. Her teacher didn't even notice and thought she was still taking the medication because she was so well adjusted and presented no serious issues. She never took meds again and learned to cope. She has ADHD but manages it other ways."
Review of Intuniv: "My son started this 8 weeks ago. It has been a miracle. He has ADHD, BIPOLAR 2, ODD, and being tested for TBI. This has made his impulsivity manageable . We have had no side effects. We have stayed at 2 mg. We are on quite a few other medicines also. But since we have started this medicine we have not had any CPEP visits or inpatient stays. Prior to this medicine in 1 year we had 6 inpatients and 12 CPEP. His other medicines worked but we could not stop his impulse factor which was putting his life in danger. I have my son back we can actually have a conversation again."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 11 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD inattentive in August 2010 and we tried Concerta 36mg and it did nothing. The pediatrician prescribed Vyvanse 40mg to start, and what a difference! My son can now listen, focus, pay attention, concentrate at home and at school and can better manage his behaviors, thoughts and words. We are very happy with the results. He didn't lose appetite or weight, and has no side effects thus far. We are more than happy to have found a prescription that works for him so that he can function normally on a day to day basis."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have ADD, Attention Deficit Disorder, Fatigue, and Low Motivation. I also have Major Depression. If I didn't have adderall my dad would mostly see me staying in bed all day sleeping or just thinking. Adderall helps me a lot, it gets my brain actually working. It makes me want to do the things I loved before I was depressed and it kinda helps with the fatigue. My legs still feel tired 24/7 but I can move when I'm on Adderall."
Review of Vyvanse: "I was originally on Concerta for my ADD and got extremely depressed and almost suicidal. I then switched to Adderall which I took for 4 years without many problems, until I developed a tolerance to it and my dose got so high that I was getting a bunch of side effects. I tried Strattera, which I did absolutely nothing and made me really sleepy. Then I switched to Vyvanse which worked about the same as the Adderall but I wasn't as irritable and didn't have the same loss of appetite. However, I did start to develop acne, which I didn't realize until recently was being caused by the Vyvanse. I've also developed a major dependency, if I don't take it, I have trouble doing daily tasks and I'm really tired."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am 26 years old and having been using Concerta for approximately 9 months. I have been extremely impressed with my new ability to focus and attention to detail. I have always been a daydreamer and that paid off in creativity.  However, daydreaming during a meeting with the president of the company you work for doesn't pay off.  My wife, out of angst, suggested that I might have ADHD and should consider getting tested.  After a 5 hour psychological evaluation it was decidedly so.  Since I have started Concerta I have been promoted to the top position in my office.  It controls my anxiety and keeps me calm and focused.  The only side effects that I have noticed are weight loss (lost 30 lbs) due to loss of appetite and a lack of emotion."
Review of Intuniv: "The first few days on 1 mg in the morning, he was so tired in the afternoon, but by the 5th day he was doing better.  At 2 mg, it started over but never faded.  After 3 weeks, the Dr. suggested taking it at night, but it was no better.  He would fall asleep on his desk after lunch, in the car or on the cough after school, and just completely lost his personality.  He was calm, and could focus better, but he never laughed, was never silly, barely played, it was awful.  We tried going back to 1 mg but had more trouble focusing again, so we tried 1mg in the morning and 1 in the evening.  But he was still a little zombie.  SO we gave up.  I'd rather have him bouncing off the walls than too tired to laugh and play."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "My son is 15 and was diagnosed with ADHD and Bipolar Disorder when he was 4.  We have tried many medications but the one to gave the most focus and changed his quality of life has been Adderall XR.  We immediately notice his lack of focus and hyperactivity level changes if he is late taking his medicines."
Review of Focalin XR: "Our Facts:  Son was getting into trouble at school every day. He was a terror around the house. His diet was exceptional, eating vegetables, fish, fruit, rice, and no sugary drinks or high fructose corn syrup.  Lots of love and discipline at home. Got in trouble all the time at home and school because he's uncontrollable.With Focalin he immediately improved and is doing great in school.  He is actually happier and feeling better now.  While his appetite is down while on the medicine (about 7 hours), he eats a huge breakfast and a huge dinner to compensate.  Even his tick has gone away.   We are very relieved. Only downside is that it only lasts about 7 hours.  So when he gets home, he starts amping up again."
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvanse is the awesomest thing that ever happened to me 4 months ago. At first I would just stare at my teachers and try to listen to them but it would just go out the other ear. But sometimes I was just down the rabbit hole daydreaming. Also when I tried to REMEMBER stuff I would get distracted because that got too boring and moved on. But on Vyvanse I can concentrate with ease. I can REMEMBER stuff without even trying to. Nothing seems boring anymore in school but I hate it how it makes me sweat a lot like under the pits .. ALOT. For me there's a major loss of appetite like I don't eat anything once I'm on it beecause food doesn't sound, look or taste good. But I do get these random cravings."
Review of Adderall: "Adderall has helped change the well being of my LIFE. As a child I had a issue affecting me. So, I tried to hide it because I was embarrassed but as an adult I finally had to own up to it after the birth of my child. I needed education so, I enrolled in College after a couple of weeks. I started to notice the same problems. I spoke to my doctor, was tested for ADD and was diagnosed. Since then I've been on 20mg Adderall morning and 10mg Ritain in the evening. I had only positive effects. I finally get to be the great student I always wanted to be and can finish my daily chores without forgetting things. I only hope that people quit trying to say this medicine isn't good for anyone. For yrs I didn't make the A's I wanted and now I do. People taking this medicine don't want to "They Have NO Choice But To."
Review of Wellbutrin XL: "In just a week I have noticed a difference in my ability to focus and get things accomplished. Decision making is easier. So far no side effects. I up the dosage today so hopefully this will be just what I need."
Review of Adderall: "As a child I always had problems with being very hyper and I couldn't pay attention like other children in my class. My teacher noticed it and told my mother about things that could help me. My mother had me tested and put on Adderall. Within a week I can honestly remember a change. At first it made me feel very funny and zombie like but after it got in my system my family said I was totally different person. I also suffer with dyslexia, but this medication helped me with that too. I was put on it when I was 7 years old. When I was 20 I stopped taking it since I was out of school. I couldn't hold down a job and things just got really bad for me. Then I had my baby boy and decided I had to be put back on it. Best thing that happened to me."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm a 22 year old female who was diagnosed with ADHD Inattentive subtype following my freshman yr of college. I've been taking Vyvanse for 3 yrs now (initially 30 mg, now 50 mg) and finally feel like I'm living up to my potential. For the first time ever, I am able to stay organized, complete tasks and actually show up on time! My only complaints are lack of appetite throughout day (ravenous at night) and the desire for a cigarette for the first 2 hrs after it "kicks in" (never crave one when I'm not taking Vyvanse). "
Review of Strattera: "Medicine information says "watch for changes in mood or behavior". My experience with my girlfriend is that this is a dangerous drug for people with mania."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Calmed my racing  thoughts a lot.  Downside is the days I don't take them I feel mentally groggy"
Review of Vyvanse: "I was on Ritalin XR, but it felt like rat poisen too me. I was only remembering the ups and downs, and the short goodtime was not worth it. Yesterday I took my first Vyvanse (Elvanse (EU)) and I was in heaven for the first time in my life. Everything that has been my problems seemed to vanish to some extent, and it lasted the all day! I'm so happy right know. I'm sitting writing this 2 hours into my second dose (day), and the most fantastic feeling has already kicked in. I'm so amazed that I can't get it out loud enough. :) I have been late diagnosed ADHD at age 48. I have struggled all my life with lot of failing, and had to work twice as much as others too achieve my goals. I'm so thrilled now for what the future will bring for me!"
Review of Daytrana: "I am someone that does NOT like to take medication.  I am an adult and I found out I was ADD back about 5 years ago and started taking Strattera for it.  I  am a slow metabolizer so was using 10 mg per day of Strattera.  Recently I felt the need to add some additional medication to help me focus a little better.  In reading about Daytrana, the thing I liked about it was that I knew I could cut the patch down in size (to 1/2 or 1/4) if I felt the dose was too high.  I usually am VERY sensitive to adhesives, but I've been on it about 2 weeks now and have not had a problem at all. I clean the site where the patch had been with alcohol after I take it off and have not had any skin reactions.  The product is GREAT (10 mg dose patch)."
Review of Adderall: "I am 62 years old on Adderall XL for ADD, on the medication for 4 years now. I find that Adderall does help when I first take it but seems to wear off as the day goes on. I get very sleepy while on the medication and have no problem with my appetite (no weight loss at all). I asked my Doctor to raise my dosage (I am taking 20mg per day) but he does not want to do it because of my age and concerns that it may affect my blood pressure, even though my pressure is normal now. I have no side effects at all from this medicine, just it is not helping my concentration as much as it did in the beginning, I think after a while the effectiveness wears off and an adjustment in dosage is needed."
Review of Vyvanse: "My son was on Vyvanse for 3 years. At first the side effects were the normal irritability, obsessive thoughts and anxiety only on the days he took the drug. His concentration and grades improved so the benefits outweighed the side effects. The last year though he was increasingly negative, obsessing over negative thoughts, anxious and paranoid only on the days he took it. I think the side effects can affect kids more or less as they grow. He was very depressed for a 10 year old. Since he's been off he's been happier!! I think positive thoughts are more important than grades since we all know where negative thoughts leads to down the road if left unchecked. Overall the medicine is not bad but keep a close eye on behavior."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm writing a review to hopefully help others who haven't taken Vyvanse yet and want some information on what to expect. I felt REALLY uneasy and nervous prior to taking my first Vyvanse dose and it was honestly not worth the worry. I started at 40mg to help with my ADHD. I read lots of reviews how it makes you feel high and super active. I felt a little bit of a buzz but not high. It was just a pleasant feeling of happiness. I'm sure it's different for everyone, but mine wasn't extreme. I also felt like I had more energy, but not enough to obsessively clean my house like others that left reviews. Definitely take it early. It will keep you up otherwise. Only complaint so far!"
Review of Concerta: "I'm 21 and I've been taking 72mg (two 36mg barrels) a day since I was about 17. Concerta changed my life. I was failing school and no matter how hard I tried, it didn't change anything. I became depressed, slept for 14+ hours a day, I gave up. Then I was prescribed and it changed my life. It keeps me focused, motivated, and energized. Though, the side effects are very real. I don't sleep much, which is why I usually don't take it on weekends to catch up on sleep. It kills my appetite, so I eat a big breakfast before I take it in the mornings. It does elevate my anxiety, and not saying it's something I suggest.. but I smoke cigarettes to help that. Oh, and I don't know if this is common or not.. But it keeps my digestive track regular!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Overall, in my experiences I have learned that in terms of extremes... the  Methylphenidates will turn you into an emotionless robot, hollow inside, socially avoidant person unable to experience life's pleasures. Nothing makes you happy, but at the same time,  nothing can make you sad.  Whereas with the Amphetamines (like Adderall and lesser extent Vyvanse) you become an extremely emotional, almost volatile, person who can experience pleasures in an extreme way. You get so overjoyed by the little things but the smallest of pet peeves can really set you off. Vyvanse has been the best one for me. Just be aware of how you are treating those you love especially several months after starting. You may need a secondary med to balance mood."
Review of Adderall: "Calms mind for focus."
Review of Methylphenidate: "This drug has changed my life. I have ADD and depression. I used to not be able to get out of bed for a week at a time. Now I'm loving life hanging out with friends and happy for the first time in a long time. I've tried a few other ADD medicines they didn't really help me. I like the Methyln generic much more than any of them.  The only problem I have with it is that I don't like to stop taking it and go to bed, kinda like addicted to it while on it, but ONLY when I'm on it. Before I could go all day and not crave it, been on it a year now. It's just when I take my first one hard for me to not want to stay on it because I enjoy life so much more."
Review of Guanfacine: "My 8 year old daughter has been taking the medication for 4 months now and although we have seen a good improvement in her behavior, the weight gain has been substantial.  She has gained over 10 lbs in 4 months which is incredibly unhealthy. Her blood pressure has also been on the very low side.  Unfortunately for us we can't risk the bad side effects even though we have seen a positive behavior change."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Started on by vyvanse after I was diagnosed with ADD at an age of 19. I had been on Strattera to previously which worked well, but I was still a bit lathargic. The first few months were great, but as the doses started increasing I became delusional & physcotic. It go so bad at 40mg that I thought the mafia was coming to get me, but in reality it was just a car driving in front of my house. This drug ended up with me being sedated by the cops, and being placed in the psychiatric ward for a month. The withdrawals I got from this drug were horrible, I imagine it's what it's like to quit a harder recreational drug. I know this drug works great for some people, but not for everyone. I'd be vary cautious of vyvansae if you value your sanity."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 21 and currently suffering from ADD and Depression. The Vyvanse has done wonders for me! I can finally concentrate. I do feel as though I have absolutely NO appetite, but it doesn't bother me because I don't eat much anyway. Things are finally looking up. I'm on 20mg."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son has been on several different ADHD medications.  He had been on one for a couple years and it wasn't having the effect it should after so long, so they changed him to Daytrana.  He was so out of control on this medication.  It actually seemed to make his impulse issues and attention worse. We discontinued the patch after the 2nd week.  Hopefully it's positive for others, just definitely not the one for my son."
Review of Concerta: "Our 10 year old daughter has been taking Concerta for ADD for two months and the difference is unbelievable.  Her performance in school had been steadily declining from year to year without any explanation.  We knew she was capable of doing well so we found this very frustrating.  After asking the school for help she was evaluated and diagnosed with ADD (no hyperactivity).  She is on a 36mg dose after increasing it just one time.  After starting the medication we noticed a difference immediately, the first thing being her handwriting, it honestly looked like a different child%u2019s writing%u2026so neat I actually thought her older sister had written it.  We%u2019ve received glowing reports from her teachers and even from the principal and her grades have steadily increased to As & Bs in just a short time.  Homework is no longer an issue either%u2026we used to spend long frustrating evenings on homework and now 9 nights out of 10 her homework is completely finished by the time we get home from work.  Thank you Concerta%u2026you gave us the daughter we knew we had."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Tips for taking off the patch:  use oil (we use skin so soft, but any oil will work) to rub into the skin around the edges of the patch and let it sit for a little bit... maybe about 20 - 30 seconds... pull it gently while continuing to rub oil into the edges a little at a time, repeat.  The oil dissolves the "glue" and also helps remove the sticky residue that shows up a day later, easier to just wipe off after being sprayed with a mist of oil than scrubbed off with soap and water.  Breakfast is all ready to eat when she wakes up- sometimes I make a high calorie, high nutrient smoothie and give it to her while she's still in bed,  put the patch on at the same time, let her snooze for 20 more minutes; PM gets high cal/high nutrient snack"
Review of Methylphenidate: "The medicine is a life saver that increases ones quality of life immeasurably."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am an 18 years old and I have been taking this medication since I was 14. It helps me alot with concentration in fact without it I don't know how I would have graduated high school. While taking Vvyanse I have experienced all of its side effects which includes low and high blood presure, nervousness, uncontrolable body movemnets, numbness of my left side of the body etc., mostly because some days I would take it and then didn't take it for like a week so your body would have to get used to it all over again. I just recently had a baby and now am back on it again since I plan on going to College. "
Review of Concerta: "I first started taking Concerta about 2 years ago. I'm almost 13. It works okay but I have been losing my appetite far too much. I'm already really underweight and this drug makes it worse. I've also run into sleep paralysis once or twice."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Cannot get to sleep. Extremely angry / irritated when first get up."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have been on Strattera  for 6 years. I take one 18mg a day. When I take it I don't feel like myself. I feel depressed. I feel tried all the time. So for me I don't like it but so far they haven't found anything else that will work  for me."
Review of Adderall: "I have ran the gauntlet of ADD meds, starting with Concerta then tried Vyvance which worked well in the beginning,  then my Dr switched to Adderall XR,  then to I R, which works best for me I take 20mg twice a day definitely helps with non stop thinking,  racing thoughts,  and just simply getting motivated.  I have been on the IR for about a year and the highs are finally outweighing the lows. 39 years old and can see light at the end of the tunnel."
Review of Strattera: "I'm a 26 year old female and been taking Straterra for 2 weeks for ADD and I love it. Straterra has been a miracle for me. Before I would start projects and never finish them but now I finish them. I'm actually happy instead of being down on myself and staying frustrated all the time my husband says I smile and laugh a lot more. I am experiencing some of the side effects, dry mouth, chills weight loss and I don't eat near as much but I needed to lose weight and ate to much before taking the drug. I just hope this medicine continues to work for me because so far its awesome."
Review of Vyvanse: "I was diagnosed three years ago with adult ADD (and I'm 46!). First was prescribed Adderall, but I found that even the slow-release capsule wore off quickly, leaving me exhausted and crashing at work, scarfing down cups of coffee. My doctor switched me by Vyvanse, and it's been much, much better. I am better able to focus, it lasts longer. However, it still doesn't get me through the whole day and I find I'm extremely tired at night. Also, sometimes I get caught up in the trivial details of both work and home projects. But on the whole, I am FAR better off since I began Vyvanse. I wish that 70mg was not the highest recommended amount, but I stick to it."
Review of Guanfacine: "I'm in my late 20's and tried it for ADHD...all I can say is that it really messed up my sleep. It also severely worsened my depression. It has a long half life. Benefits I did notice is that it seemed that my memory improved somewhat, for example could remember several songs playing in a row, also focus seemed improved. I'm considering adding trazodone in hopes of aboring its negative effect on sleep.  For anyone complaining about blood pressure side effects, lower your dose."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This medication has changed my life. I was prescribed Adderall due to ADHD and chronic fatigue and it has greatly improved my quality of life in regards to both diagnosis. I am on a very small dose and have room to take more on particularly bad days, but 10mg on a regular, daily basis is the perfect amount for me."
Review of Dyanavel XR: "My 7 year old daughter is severe ADHD.  Prior to Dyanavel XR, our best experience was with 30 mg of adderall XR.  But that had a profound effect on her appetite and ability to interact with other people.  We tried concerta which left her very defiant, Focalin and Vyvance were completely ineffective.  We tried Dyanavel for the first time one months ago.  I can't believe the difference.  She has an appetite, she socializes, she has a personality, she stays in her seat at school and actually works in her assignments.  After 4 days on this medication, her teacher called me and asked what had changed because she couldn't believe the difference. The only downfall is nighttime.  She consistently wakes up around 4-5 am with dreams."
Review of Focalin: "I am 20 years old and I've been taking focalin for a year now. I have been on every ADHD medication under the sun since I was in second grade and this is the only  medication that helped me get on track right away. The only adverse side effects I experience are a faster heart rate (most ADHD meds do that) and trouble sleeping. If you are having trouble sleeping on this drug here's what you do and here's what I did: prior to now, I was taking my medication at 11am or 10am. Often I would spend nights awake and panicky just begging for sleep to come. This is a simple fix. Just wake yourself up at like 6am every day to take it and you shouldn't have any problem sleeping. That's what I did and I sleep very soundly."
Review of Strattera: "great drug with few if any side effects.... especially in adults."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son started taking this medicine about 9 months ago.  His grades went from C's and D's to A's and B's. He is able to focus and concetrate.  He isn't a zombie walking around the house.  He still has some emotion and can still have fun.  I love this medicine because even he can see the diffence it has made in his life."
Review of Strattera: "I was started on Strattera almost 3 years ago.  Before taking this medication I was constantly on rabbit trails couldn't finish a project and trying to do 3 or 4 things at the same time, which I wasn't doing very well.  I've probably been ADHD all my life but was not diagnosed until I was 50.  I have gone back to school and work as an inpatient crisis stabilization nurse.  I should be the poster child for this medication because it has been a miracle for me.  I take 100 mg of the medication a day.  The only thing I can complain about is the medication wears off sometimes before I get off of work. This probably could be fixed with a simple medication time and dosage change."
Review of Daytrana: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD. He was having problems at school such as focusing, following directions, sitting still.. etc. We decided to use the Daytrana patch since he isn't able to take pills. This so far is working wonders. He is on his first week and is already showing signs of improvement! I recommend this product."
Review of Vyvanse: "While Vyvanse worked relatively well for my ADHD symptoms, it did not last nearly as long as advertised. It only lasted about seven hours at best."
Review of Atomoxetine: "It's the only ADD med that actually works for me. The higher the dose the clearer I think (male 5'11 185). However, if my dose is over 40mg (I've taken as much as a 100mg) then I get erectile dysfunction, penis shrinkage and dry mouth. Once I lowered my dose to 40mg I stopped concentrating as good but the side effects went away too."
Review of Strattera: "My experience with this drug is a bitter sweet one. However, the bitter side to it overpowers the sweet by LONG SHOT. Since I was a kid, I've had behavioral issues and it wasn't until I was in my mid teens that they began to truly effect my way of life and my relationships with those around me. I had been taking Bupropion in combination with Sertraline and had no serious problem or complaints. However, when I started to wean off of the Sertral and began taking the Strattera, I began to get irritated and just downright pissed off for no apparent reason. The slightest things set me off, and it's only gotten worse with increased dosage. I'm gonna stop taking it all together. Screw a bunch of this unprovoked anger stuff. It helps no one."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son is 13 and has been on several ADHD medications.  I liked the Vyvance at first because I did see an improvement in his ability to sit and listen and pay attention, however it didn't last long enough.  The doctor has increased the dosage several time and now he is up to 60mg daily. The problem is that he has lost over 20lbs because he simply won't eat and now it seems after four months on this medicine its like his body has adapted to it and he is super hyper.  I spoke to the doctor about it and he said he can do real damage at his age with the weight loss and not eating and that the stimulant is actually wiring him up.  We are going to take him off of the Vyvanse and put him on a non stimulant medication."
Review of Intuniv: "My seven year old son has been on Intuniv for three weeks now. His behavior at school and home is finally starting to improve. He is much more focused and less irritable. Although in the end of week one and beginning of week two of this medicine, he was very cranky and irritable. He is sleepy in the afternoons, but he also takes Clonidine along with this medicine, which also makes him sleepy. So I hope the sleepiness improves. He has started the last week having severe stomach pain. He gets up many times in the night saying his tummy feels funny and he gets some diarrhea in the night. He also has a harder time staying asleep at night, which is new. Hoping the stomach pain stops so we can continue the medicines, as I feel they are helping him."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have a 7 year old son with ADHD. He was diagnosed at 4 years old. Through the years he has been on 3 different medications. Ritalin was first and it did help with his hyperactivity level, however he still had problems with impulsiveness. Then he was on Focalin XR and that did nothing with his impulsiveness and hyperactivity. Now he is on Vyvanse and that has helped with ADHD symptoms. The only problem that I am currently having is that he has days where he is extremely emotional. He has days where he is getting upset over minor details like coming home after playing at a friends house. I am not sure if this is drug related or ADHD related. Impulsive people have problems containing their emotions."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I just started taking Concerta again and I have noticed big differences in my attention span and being able to focus more. I was on it for quite some time when I was younger and then wanted to come off of it in the 10th grade. Now several years later I asked to go back on it and I noticed big changes in school and I thank God for this drug to help me get back to a somewhat normal state."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 23 year old female. My entire life I have tested highly, been in advanced classes, had a full scholarship through college, but my grades were always a struggle. I felt like I had to work so much harder than everyone else just to keep my B grades. I was disorganized, forgetful, irritable, and pretty desolate. I felt like I was drowning.I have taken medication for depression and anxiety since I was in high school - everything from Wellbutrin, to Xanax, to Prozac. I graduated from college in four years with a mediocre GPA, but with many awards. Finally my new doctor actually listened when I spoke, and she agreed that we try a course of medication for ADHD. I am on my second week of Vyvanse and am a new, happy, functioning person."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I am now able to focus, not as inattentive. For the first time in 23 years I am able to read and write without losing interest after a sentence. My brain no longer feels as though it is racing or "Pinging" like a party. I find I am more settled in social situations and my impulsiveness has reduced 80%. My dosage is 5mg (first dose) then 2.5mg every 3 afters there after. If I skip my dosage for more than a day, my mind starts wandering and I am severely inattentive and by day 2 my brain and body feels so full of energy I just want to be a menace and scream at everything whilst running a marathon (except I'd get bored of running after 2 minutes ha ha). I wish I had not gone untreated for so long as this medication has saved my life."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Works great. I've taken it or others just like it most my adult life but it does take years away from your life and is addictive to the point of you becoming non-functioning without it."
Review of Adderall: "I would like to first say that my experience with Adderall was overall successful, it most definitely helped my concentration and ability to focus. However, there are some side effects that I think are worth noting.I had minimal anxiety prior to taking this medication (only when traveling). My anxiety dramatically increased to the point where I was put in therapy and almost took a medical leave from work. (I quit taking the medication once I realized it was a significant contributing factor - although not completely to blame)I had a very dry mouth while prescribed, which actually ended up leading to cavities according to my dentist. Noticeable lower back pain & problems sleeping (both are alleviated once you quit taking the meds)"
Review of Methylphenidate: "My daughter has been taking Aptensio for 3 months now. She takes 50mg once a day. She has taken just about every drug on the market. The longest lasting about 8 months. She takes the Aptensio at 7am and by 3:00 when she comes home she is a total train wreck! The come down for her is fast and has her acting worse than before medicated. She says she isn't really finding her focus to be much better when at school. However, in the past 3 months she has put on 5 lbs. She is always hungry which is a total change from any other stimulant med she has tried. I take the same med and have put on 13lbs. in three months. We know of two other children that have gained as well and love the med. So if your child is under weight from stimulants try this one"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "42 year old male recently diagnosed with ADD (no hyperactivity).  Vyvanse is the only medication I've tried and I'm reasonably happy with it.  Started 30 mg for 2 weeks.  Felt a little jittery and had a funny taste in my mouth.  Increased to 70 mg.  No longer feel jittery, no funny taste, but my mouth is always dry so I drink a lot of water.Vyvanse seems to help me get more done.  I can't say I'm more focused, but I am more motivated, so the end result is more productivity, though not always directed in the best place.It decreased my appetite, so it was easier to switch to a healthier diet.  Lost more than 25 lbs. in first 3 months, which has also helped increase self esteem, motivation and energy level."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Changed my life. (I am a 26 year old female)"
Review of Strattera: "Diagnosed with having ADHD in my early 20's. Dr. wanted me to try out Strattera before a stimulant since I also have anxiety and he feared a med like Adderrall would make it worst. This is my second month on it and it does seem to be working. I am better able to concentrate and my head seems more "clear". I'm on 80mg. Stomach-aches and drowsiness started off horrible when I first began taking this med but these side effects are almost gone. Still get dry mouth which ranges from mild to "it feels like I've eaten cotton and sand".Unless the side effects are too intense for you, I would at least give this med two months. Think it gets such a bad rep because people don't give it a chance."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm 16. I was prescribed 36mg Comcentra  I took it at 8:30pm (was suppose to take it in morning) it worksd it helped me focus but 3 hours into it I started feeling anxiety and later I had a crash. Couldn't sleep stayed up the whole entire night. I also has many other side effects like lack of appitite and heavy breathing might be to large of a dose but overall without the crazy side effects it helped me get stuff done and concentrate"
Review of Adderall XR: "I take my 30 in the morning with a light breakfast n I'll be set for most of the day. It seems pretty Alright to me.!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "This medicine "helps"...it is not a cure-all. My biggest side effect is I CAN'T SLEEP...Thankfully this passes after a few weeks. Overall, I have found this medicine to be helpful."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I'm 57 years old.  Both my sons were diagnosed with ADHD.  I went out with a guy with ADHD and the symptoms he described were just like mine. My doctor was hesitant about prescribing it to someone my age.  I went home and got it filled and about 45 minutes later I was amazed.  I was talking, being sociable, and enjoying the people I had known for years and barely talked to.  I have never felt some calm.  I thought, "wow, is this what normal people feel like?"  I'm much more focused and productive even though I've always been successful and done well in school.  I tried the regular Adderall and it didn't help at all. I'm only taking 10mg and it's working great!"
Review of Adderall: "Hello I'm 42 years old. I always had trouble in school I quit at the end of ninth grade. Always had problems at work people always saw me as different. Never stayed at them for 2 years. I had also tried to go back to school and took GED test twice never passed the whole thing. Then I started a new job. I loved the work but my boss called me in to a room to talk to me. Said I was too passive. I fell apart could no longer do anything. My husband took me to my doctor. He tried different things, they did not work so then he put me on Adderall 20mg a day. He also put me on Zoloft 100mg at bedtime and he put me on Xanax. Saw improvement first day. Have been on them now since January 13th and I'm getting better every week. I love it."
Review of Concerta: "My 9 year old was doing very well but then became overly aggressive. We are temporarily taking him off to evaluate. But he was doing better in school, sports and socially."
Review of Atomoxetine: "  Comprehension: Before:  If you wanted me to pay attention, understand something, or even acknowledge it, you would often have to repeat it several times.  I would misread or misunderstand things more than the average person. After:  I understand most communication right away, including the emotions and attitude of the other person, which were often not even on my radar before.   Interpersonal Communication: Before:  I was very likely to interrupt others.  I wouldn't wait for others to speak before continuing my conversation.  I came across as very harsh & critical. After:  I'm better at engaging in appropriate give-and-take in conversation.  I communicate in a much appropriate friendly tone.Dealing with adversity:Before: Even trivial matters would provoke a negative reaction, ruin my mood or trigger impulsive/disruptive behavior. Id get down on myself for minor mistakesAfter: Even when things dont go the way I like them to go, I handle things in a much more mature, measured way. When something goes wrong, Im more likely to laugh it off than I used to. Im more even keeled, less likely to fly off the handle."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse 60mg ( 19 years old, 138 lbs )Suffered of ADD since I was 7 years old. Never consulted before, I am now 19 years old. I just got my first prescription, I always had issue with my grades and I always had to work 5 times more than every other student for the same grade. Today after my first pill I just realized that in a normal condition my brain was only working at only 20% of its full capacity when studying, reading, driving or even in sexual relation (I had erectile dysfunction) and today with the pill I just felt invincible and in a super good mood (not understanding what you're studying or simply reading is just depressing). The pill made effect after 1 hour and it last approximately 10-12 hours. I really recommend Vyvanse."
Review of Vyvanse: "I've been taking Vyvanse for a couple of months and I've have learned that the first couple of weeks taking the medication is really the hardest when it comes to side effects. I suffered from dry mouth, loss of appetite, head aches, some but very few mood swings. As far as sleep, I crash at the end of the day which can be due to this medication. I am irritable every now and then, but before I was very frustrated with everyday activities. It gives me energy for the most part. I'm not shaky or nervous like I was on Adderall XR. I haven't lost a ton of weight on Vyvanse unlike Adderall which I lost 60 pounds on within 4 months. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am someone that does NOT like to take medication.  I am an adult and I found out I was ADD back about 5 years ago and started taking Strattera for it.  I  am a slow metabolizer so was using 10 mg per day of Strattera.  Recently I felt the need to add some additional medication to help me focus a little better.  In reading about Daytrana, the thing I liked about it was that I knew I could cut the patch down in size (to 1/2 or 1/4) if I felt the dose was too high.  I usually am VERY sensitive to adhesives, but I've been on it about 2 weeks now and have not had a problem at all. I clean the site where the patch had been with alcohol after I take it off and have not had any skin reactions.  The product is GREAT (10 mg dose patch)."
Review of Guanfacine: "I started my son on guanfacine 1mg at night. He was 7. This is after trying a Prozac/ clonodine mix to treat his ADHD, which I hated because all my kid did was sleep. With the guanfacine, which is the generic for intuniv, he is doing great!! The 1mg at night didn't work well though. After all the adjustments I made, I ended up giving him a 1 mg in the morning and a 2 mg at night. This combo works great and my kid does not sleep all day. In fact, he hardly naps-he has made friends in school and is doing great!!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I was initially diagnosed with ADHD-combined hyperactive and implulsive when I was 16. Up until that point, I struggled with my attention issues and excessive energy and it became increasingly difficult to cope with the symptoms as I got older. My doctor prescribed me Concerta 54 Mg once a day. I immediately noticed significant improvements. I was able to think more clearly and communicate coherently. At the same time I noticed that I had a better ability to control my attention and remain focused over a more prolonged period of time. My grades improved and my relationship with friends and family became much better.I'm now 26 and still taking the medication. The therapeutic effects are still evident."
Review of Strattera: "19 yrs Male 175 lbI was diagnosed with ADHD in March, being an engineering major made my psychiatrist skeptical if I actually had ADHD (I do), so he prescribed me Strattera. He told me it was completely safe and had no side effects. I took it daily, for a month straight, and I felt nothing. I told my psychiatrist this and he increased my dosage to 40 mg.I continued taking my dosage daily and did not notice anything on the first week of my 40 mg dosage. However, I did start developing irrational thoughts. For example, I began thinking everyone hated me, soon after, I started becoming suicidal. I tried killing myself by overdosing on opiates, but my roommate called the ambulance. I stopped taking it, and I started feeling normal again."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "This changed my life for the better! I am 35 and just got diagnosed with ADD/ADHD five days ago. I can focus and I don't feel like my brain is going 2,000 miles an hour. I remember things and can finish things I start in order. It's amazing!"
Review of Aptensio XR: "My son went from Vyvanse 50mg in am and 20mg in afternoon over to Aptensio 50mg once a day. So far so good and he doesn't need to take a med in school which he likes.  It seems to last into early evening if we give it at 7am."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I took this med for ADHD with hopes of helping w/anxiety & depression. I had headaches right away and began lying in bed all day long. I wanted this to work so I stuck with it despite constipation, dry mouth/eyes and headaches. My mood was worsened and I had a flat affect. I didn't laugh for two weeks. It wasn't until I stopped taking it that I realized how depressed it had made me. Once out of my system, my libido also returned. Drugs change the brain chemistry and for some it works, for others it doesn't. Straterra is not for me."
Review of Adderall XR: "I am a 57 year old male who struggled through five years of college and finally gave up without getting a degree.  At home I would start projects and never finish them.  In my early forties, I finally earned a BS degree out of sheer determination.  My wife, who is a psychologist, gave me an IQ test and found that my IQ is rather high.  I started asking myself, "Why have I been an under-achiever for most of my life?"   My wife suggested that I might have ADD.  I started taking Adderall XR 20mg about 6 years ago which changed my life for the better. I am now able to finish things that I start.  Plus, I don't procrastinate nearly as much.  I now read entire books, newspaper articles, etc., without quitting part way through."
Review of Strattera: "At first I hated it because it didn't give me the energy of Vyvanse and I desperately wanted my Dr. to switch me back. After a couple of weeks I realized that even though I was a little tired and not really focused I was calm and happy. This medication doesn't really do much for my ADD but it eases my anxiety that I always have had. I've tried many other medications and nothing worked for anxiety except for this one. It feels great to be calm and not worried about nonsense. Hope it keeps working for a long time to come."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 19 and I started taking 100mg Vyvanse a day when I was 17. Before Vyvanse I took Focalin. I love Vyvanse except for the fact that it doesnt last for the full 12 hours. When I first started on it, my senior year in high school after I had my daughter. I had never felt so confident. I made high honors and was like smart for the first time. I was capable of being focused of what was only going on in the classroom and didn't have to worry about anything besides school. I just really hated when I would crash because then I would get tired and then didn't feel like really doing anything. I do notice side effects but other then that I think it's worth taking."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 60 years old and a career woman who has always struggled with completing tasks despite working long hours. Had recently succombed to depression and loss of self esteem because I was feeling I was no longer capable of performing my job because of age. Suffered this feeling most of my life,  been in therapy and was usually prescribed antidepressants or SSRI inhibitors to treat my symptoms but never cause of my symptoms. I did not even know adults could suffer from ADD. FINALLY a therapist took the time to treat the cause of my lifelong struggle instead of merely sedating me.  MY LIFE HAS CHANGED!! MY JOB PERFORMANCE AND PERSONAL LIFE HAS IMPROVED. I ACTUALLY ACCOMPLISH THINGS.  Why so late in life?"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I love Ritalin. I have a wonderful peace that I never had before.  I am 61 years old and have just started taking it for the last few weeks. I can actually concentrate now.  I am not so fidgety. I wished had this about 55 years ago and one thing I noticed, I am dreaming where I don't remember dreaming in years."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm a 20 year old college student and have been taking Vyvanse for about 6 months now.  Honestly, I love this medication, as it has helped me in almost every aspect of life.  My grades as well as my confidence in social situations are better than ever.  The only slightly annoying side effect that hasn't gone away is that I find my mouth sometimes getting extremely dry.  Sometimes I'll notice that my breath smells funny as a result, and I find myself going through a lot of gum and breath mints, and even brushing my teeth randomly throughout the day. Overall though, Vyvanse has been a miracle for me."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm a 18 year old college freshman and started taking Vyvanse 10 months ago when I had finally gotten medicated for my severe ADD.  It has significantly changed my life for the better. For as long as I can remember, my teachers always told my parents that I was very bright but I just would not "apply" myself but after taking Vyvanse my grades have skyrocketed. I can finally pay attention in class and actually absorb the information. I feel energized, motivated, and more organized to do things.  My days will be filled with productivity and I feel like it boosts my mood in general. My side effects include a slight anxiety because I feel like I should ALWAYS be doing something productive so sometimes its hard for me to relax."
Review of Guanfacine: "I agree with the other reviewer that this drug has minimal side effects.  However, my 7 yr old son has a significant rash, which Doctors suspect may be from the Intuniv.  The rash is not itchy, just unattractive and widespread. We have been using the Intuniv for 2 1/2 weeks, but may have to stop due to the rash.Here's the results we've seen on this medication:  better moods, less aggression, only minimal improvement with attentional/focus issues, and slight improvement in impulsivity.  Sleepiness has NOT been an issue, even though I had read many reviews and the label that said it might be.  My son has taken every ADHD drug out there except two (literally) and this one is very gentle on the body in comparison (except for the rash)."
Review of Strattera: "I started taking this medication about 2 months ago. My doc had me start out at 40 milligrams for one week and then upped the dose to two 40 mg capsules twice a day. At the second month, I started taking just one 80 mg capsule around mid-afternoon early evening every day. So far the drug has seemed to greatly help my ability to focus and really experience the world around me. I'm able to finally slow my mind to a cruising speed instead of an outright race. Strattera has made me calmer and more composed when it comes to social interactions with others and encountering stressful situations. Also, I seem to be getting really positive and more optimistic in everyday life making me feel as if the drug as some mild antidepressant properties"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have had crippling lethargic depression. And was sleeping my whole life away. I have been taking methylphenidate for 8 years. I'm very hyper. No bipolar but have had add, ptsd, depression and some hypomania. I think methylphenidate has helped me with all these symptoms. I can focus. Do what needs to get done. Clean my apartment. Not sleep 24/7 anymore. I'm calm. And have a much better life. More energy and I'm happy!"
Review of Vyvanse: "My 9 year old son has been on Vyvanse  for five years now he started out with 20mg he is now up to 70mg it works great my 5yr old little girl was just put on Vyvanse 40mg after trying numerous other ADHD medicines. It works well, I was on Ritalin for 25 years. I did not want my kids on that so glad the Vyvanse works."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I'm a 57 year old male that has been clean and in recovery for ten years now. I have abstained from anything stronger than aspirin the whole time. Chronic pain had made it necessary to begin a closely monitored treatment schedule, but I was still losing a lot of focus on tasks at work and any motivation for anything but sleeping at home. After talking to the doctor we added 20mg Adderal 3 times a day. The difference has been amazing. I normally work pretty long hours and had been having trouble staying awake in the morning going to work and evenings going home. No more. Properly scheduling the doses keeps me active and focused my entire day. Didn't take long to find out that it increased energy and desire in other areas also. All others."
Review of Vyvanse: "Today was my first day on Vyvanse 20mg and it was incredible how much it helped my ADD symptoms! I felt motivated, confident, energetic, and very focused. I was able to complete a ton of school work in such a small amount of time. It feels like I get zoned in when I work on things, even if they're things I don't enjoy. My vision had major changes which was weird because it was like my eyes were finally opened?? My vision was so bright and colors were EXTREMELY vivid, it was like the whole world around me was alive. Effects of the medication started after just 10 minutes of taking it and it really kicked in about 1 hour after that. Would definitely reccomend."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I just started taking Vyvanse today and have already seen an outstanding improvement! I am an 18 year old mother that struggled throughout high school, not because of intelligence, but lack of motivation to complete things such as homework or projects. I failed quite a few classes and ended up having to take a second senior year. Since my daughter was born and I now have a house to clean and all other kinds of "mommy duties," I really found myself struggling. It was to the point of a failing relationship and disappointment to my family and my significant other. I was unable to just focus on a task and complete it. But today, I did everything I needed to do and then some and I feel great. Very pleased so far."
Review of Vyvanse: "Honestly it worked really well for me and even helped take away some of my anxiety (stopped racing thoughts) but I started off at a way too high dose and had trouble with insomnia and some dry mouth but I felt the effects after about an hour and it really does last all day."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was diagnosed with ADD in forth grade, however my doctor decided to just have the school put me on a learning program, (504 Plan). Throughout the years, I started to develop depression, agitation, severe anxiety and OCD. I had tried EVERY anti-depressant, and they had all failed. My PCP started me on benzos, which helped a little. I decided it was time to go see a mental health physician assistant. She went over all my symptoms and she immediately realized that I had been mis-diagnosed and the PCP had me on about 5-6 medications. She started me on Vyvance 40 MG and my life has forever changed. I am generally very happy, and able to function, went from severe anxiety to mild, which is helped with Valium. I recommend Vyvance!"
Review of Concerta: "I can't say it's bad. I can Ace through an assignment on my dosage like an Ariel Atom. BUT there are some things I did experience, as I was taking it and in High School I noticed I didn't care to hang out with anyone. There was times when I did but I was terrified. The days I'd forget my dose I was buzzing with charisma. I'd have to say out of all these the creativity it sucks out of you scares me because I'm a musician. But the worst is the withdrawal effects, they hit you fast in the morning even before you take your dose( Headaches, can't wake up) and irritability. It gets the job done but there are too many side-effects."
Review of Guanfacine: "The best medicine for my child.  Insurance will no longer pay for it so it costs $374.00 for 30 pills.Sadly, we cannot afford this, so my child is going to have to suffer.  Life is going to be very hard.  The drug companies and their price gouging need to be investigated."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Started taking  60mg of this medicine for ADD &  anxiety triggered my ADD. It took about a week to hit my system, while it helped somewhat with my ADD. It wasn't major. I was still forgetting things like crazy and was able to be side tract. It's been 13 days and I'm stopping it today. It has made me an emotional WRECK!!!! I've had CRAZY mood swings like seen in a damn horror movie.Yesterday, I woke up happy then saw puppy shit on the floor and I LOST IT. I was a crying wreck. It was so bad I laid on my floor and screamed tears! I've never been depressed insane. Couldn't find my shoes- crying screaming mess again. Left the laundry in the washer over night- another HUGE breakdown."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am a college student and I have to say this is by far the best ADHD medication I have taken. I was taking Adderall XR prior and was having major anxiety attacks/mood swings and just never really adjusted to it, so my doctor switched me to Concerta. It has helped me tremendously, I am finding it so much easier to focus and complete tasks, I have gone from C's to the deans list over the last year. I feel no side effects, I take the extended release medication early in the morning so it lasts all day but does not interfere with my sleep patterns. I would recommend this medication, it has worked wonders for me!"
Review of Guanfacine: "my son was for a short period of time on tenex for impulsive control at the age of 8 years  it kind of worked since it turned him into a zombie he had no energy was starting to nap after school he has not napped since he was a baby. we took him of tenex after a few weeks. for last 3 years after stopping the Meds he is complaining about headaches and has random nose bleeds' think the biggest mistake we made was listen to the Dr. and teachers pushing Meds."
Review of Budeprion XL: "I have been taking Wellbutrin for 8 plus years. Then went to SR, then XL.  Helped with my ADHD with Adderall too.   Went off for about a year and started back. To save money went to generic 150mg XL - they were great.  When Dr. suggested increasing back to 300mg daily (as previously) I agreed. I started taking the 300mg XL generics - the symptoms returned.  I noticed when I opened the bottle there as a noxious odor given off.  After 4 weeks couldn't stand the smell and returned the rest of the pills to my pharmacy.  They replaced them and said they would look into the problem.  The 150 mg SR generics stink too. Only the 150mg XL generics don't."
Review of Quillivant XR: "My daughter was put on this for her ADHD and it has worked reasonably thus far. We weren't looking for a miracle cure as everything has its pros and cons. We have Tricare Prime and I pay $25 a month for her bottle."
Review of Kapvay: "My son has used various stimulants for 5 yrs.  Still struggling because of impulsivity & super high metabolism, the docs wanted to add non-stimulants.  We started w/ Intuiv, which dropped his bp way too low (75/43) so stopped after 2 wks.  Tried Clonidine IR and it worked GREAT the 1st 2 days, then fine (not great, just fine).  The doc changed to Kapvay for long-acting effects, but we stopped after 2 wks because he got awful insomnia (took 2-3 hrs to fall asleep instead of his usual 15 mins).  Last night we went back to Clonidine IR - he fell asleep quickly and slept great!  I give Kapvay a 2 because it decreased his impulsivity a bit, but the insomnia was awful, he got more aggressive/emotional, and really affected him negatively."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I'm 46 and recently diagnosed with ADHD.  Straterra is the first and only medication I've tried for this condition.  I've been on it for 2 weeks and notice profound improvements in my ability to concentrate, absorb material, and complete tasks.  That is what I had hoped to achieve with Straterra.  However, I am experiencing some unpleasant side effects, including difficulty urinating (very slow flow and the sensation that I'm not finished after my bladder is empty) and "frothy" ejaculations during sex that occur without any sensation of orgasm.  For now, I can accept the trade off, as I am much more productive at work.  But I'm really hoping these side effects disappear or diminish."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have Bipolar disorder and have ADD (not ADHD) for which I was on Ritalin (methylphenidate).  My doctor switched me to Adderall because my concentration seemed to be waning again, but I don't believe it is working as well. Concentration is about the same, but it seems I am experiencing a lot more anxiety now than I did with the Ritalin."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I have used it for over 15 years.An EEG showed I had quite a bit of extraneous thought, a left and right hemisphere that had identical thought processes and a temporal lobe that was off the chart.Dexedrine changed my life.Unfortunately many Doctors are using outdated/outmoded technology and refuse to prescribe it."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Medicine information says "watch for changes in mood or behavior". My experience with my girlfriend is that this is a dangerous drug for people with mania."
Review of Vyvanse: "Awesome care for my child"
Review of Daytrana: "I just started Daytrana 30mg after being on another generic versin of methylphenidate 10mg 3 times a day and all I can say is Daytrana is the best.  I do not get the ups and downs with the pill form. Instant Release Ritalin and I also like how I do not have to keep taking pills all day long.  Daytrana is so much smoother. I was amazed at how it kept a steady supply of methylphenidate in my system.  I also believe since it slowly releases I do not feel jittery and I actually had a great appetite. The only thing I would still change is I would make the part that you peel off hard. Since it's flexible it takes a little of work to peel the back off. I can deal with it though since it the best ADD medicine I have found out there. "
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son is getting ready to turn 7. He has been on Metadate CD for 2 years. We first started him out on the 10mg but after six months we had to go up to 20mg. Before he started the Metadate the teacher would have to chase him around the room and keep him from doing flips during circle time. The school even suggested that I pull him out for an extra year since he was a July birthday. I took my son to the doctor and told them what the school wanted to do she tested him and then started him on the Metadate. I could tell a difference on the first pill. He has made straight A's every since. Now that he can focus and sit still he is the first one done with his work and the teachers have decided to test him for the Gifted program."
Review of Vyvanse: "Do not prescribe this to anyone !! This drug should not be legal. After 2 weeks it made me feel suicidal, which I've never been in my entire 33 yrs of being alive. It swung me into a severe depression and accumulated a huge amount of anxiety. This is the most unhealthy experience I have ever had. It ruined my relationship and my personality when I was taking it. I started a college class and the doctor prescribed this to me for concentration. It made me feel like I was on speed. When I stopped taking it about 6 days later I was a COMPLETELY DIFFERENT person, I was finally back to normal. Please watch your children or anyone you know who may be taking this."
Review of Vyvanse: "My son has been taking the medication for a week on Tuesday and all I have to say is that he is doing a lot better. His teacher noticed a difference on the first day, so did my son. He stated to me that he can actually focus on lessons and listen to the lesson with no problem.  The only thing that I can say is that my son said that he doesn't want to eat as much but he eats anyway because he knows he needs to and at night he wakes up once.  The doctor did tell us that, that may happen in the beginning but that it will ware off."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I hate this medication. My doctor gave it to me and says to keep taking it in order to feel the effects but I took it a few hours ago, I have the shakes, I get so hot and feel totally out of it. I can't wait til this feeling is over. I will not take it again"
Review of Atomoxetine: "This medicine was awful for me. I felt nauseous taking it, moodiness and had a hard time staying awake after 3-4 hours. I also had a hard time driving during that time too. Do not like it"
Review of Concerta: "I've been taking Concerta for nearly five years now and just recently it hasn't been working as well as it used to. I was diagnosed with ADD in 6th grade and was then prescribed this medication. I've been taking it ever since. But back in May, I started to notice that I was having a much harder time focusing. It was almost like I hadn't taken it at all. This was very unfortunate since at that time I was having my end of year exams. I've also seen that others have been having the same problem. I'm looking forward to having this sorted out because my ADD is very bad and makes it very hard just to function in everyday life."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Awful experience with this drug after taking it for 5 weeks.  Started on 40mg for 4 weeks, then went to 80mg.  Stopped using it after 1 week on 80mg.  All adverse symptoms became much worse and no relief for ADD at all.  Extreme tiredness, dizzy when sitting up, insomnia, intestinal pains and moderate burning during ejaculation.  Was formerly using Adderall for 20 years which worked great, but because of a recent heart attack at age 50, my doctor recommended a change to Strattera.  To me, this medication was just awful.  The worst of the side effects were complete lethargy/sluggishness and insufferable insomnia. Now I will continue to look for another Adderall replacement or asking my doctor about possibly trying a lower Adderall dose."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "My 10 year old son has taken Adderall XR for about 3 years now. This medication is amazing! Twenty years ago my oldest son was diagnosed with ADHD and I refused to medicate him because all of the children I knew that were medicated were "zombies". This time when I had  a child with ADHD I decided it was not fair to not medicate him and am so glad I did. With Adderall, he is alert and well behaved (for the most part). He says he can focus instead of daydreaming all the time. Insomnia and loss of appetite are the only problematic side effects we have, but have been easily remedied with Pediasure and melatonin. I take him off medicines two weekends per month to be sure he's not getting dependent and he goes right back to his normal ADHD self."
Review of Vyvanse: "Can not believe how much this med has helped me. So much more focused and I'm able to tackle larger projects with out feel so overwhelmed. I'm in my 50s and did not even think I had ADHD. My Dr picked up on that. Life is so much better now. I have been de cluttering and organizing my home and life like I have always wanted to do. Very happy with this med"
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "The generic for this med didn't work at all, however the name brand (for some reason) is amazing! It has changed my life after so many other meds have failed. I am able to study, take notes, and remember what I've read now. The only reason I did not give it a 10 is because I am having some issues with insomnia. I'm sure that is related to the timing and strength of my last dose of the day however, and will adjusted. It can be expensive, however after trying everything else and nothing else working, I would rather pay for this than deal with awful symptoms all day."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 6 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD and started on Vyvanse 4 weeks ago. He has made HUGE strides in school.  His teachers and I are all very impressed with what this medication has done for him academically.  However, he has become an emotional wreck.  If he isn't on auto-pilot or mentally checked out, he is snapping and yelling at people at the drop of a hat.  He zones out, acts and appears to be "high" .. a shell of him himself.  It breaks my heart to see my fun loving, humorous vibrant little boy become a drone so that he can be successful at school.  He is on the lowest dose of 20mg."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Tried Strattera for ADHD, because I wanted to try a non-stimulant.  Within about a week, I was depressed and crying over the littlest things. It was NOT for me. Also diagnosed with anxiety, Zoloft mellowed me out, but too much so, I felt apathetic and gained weight.  Tried wellbutrin and became violently sick (throwing up.)  Adderall XR I didn't like, just felt high and tweaky.  Finally found relief in a combination of Vyvanse 30-40mg and Lamictal 150mg. Truly life changing, along with gluten/dairy free low sugar diet, and good sleep."
Review of Methamphetamine: "Been taking this more than half my life, I've tried literally everything for ADHD and Chronic SEVERE Major Depression Disorder, you name it, I've tried all the ADHD meds and antidepressants available in Northern America, none work except for Desoxyn. Once I started Desoxyn and settled on a dose that worked for me, I haven't had to increase my dosage in ALL of my years of taking it, furthermore, I have absolutely NO side effects. An absolutely huge contrast to lesser amphetamines like dextroamphetamine etc, all of which produced nothing but negative side effects, and constantly would require dose increases to make up for their inefficacy, which just increased my side effects. So when I was young I asked my psychiatrists to RX it to me. 10/10"
Review of Atomoxetine: "I'm a 30 year old male and switched from Dexedrine to Strattera about two years ago. For the first two months I thought it was a terrible decision because of the horrible side effects and talked to my doctor a couple of times about switching back to a stimulant. He told me that even though it says it can take up to a month to start working, in his experience, it took most patients 2-3 months to see the benefits. I'm glad I stuck with it. After four months all side effects we're completely gone and it works better than any stimulant type I've been prescribed. The problem is you do have to get through a horrible period of 1-3 months (10 weeks for me) before the nausea, fatigue, ED and insane sweating are gone. This drug takes time to work!!!"
Review of Focalin XR: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD about 6 months ago,he is 7 years old, this medicine Works great. He's not zombified. Helps him to really focus and helps with school. Only side effect I noticed is he doesn't have a appetite and it wears off about 4pm and he eats like crazy then. No mood swings. Very satisfied with this medication."
Review of Guanfacine: "My daughter (11 years old) had been on Vyvanse, but was still struggling and experiencing excellerated heart rate.  She was not eatting, not sleeping, and losing weight.  Greatful for the medication, but side effects were starting to be a problem.  Doctor added Intuniv 2mg on top of Vyvanse and it was great.  Seemed to offset all the negative caused by Vyvanse."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I love Adderall XR. It helps me get through the day and make the best of everyday."
Review of Concerta: "Concerta makes you focused and and concentrated. If you wanna get stuff done you can get it done in a breeze. You wont notice that your enjoying what your doing, what I mean by that is like u know how homework is boring and especially if you have ADHD you have impulse problems, when you take concerta its like when your doing it, time passes by a lot and you wont notice. Like you look at the time and for example its 2:30 while your doing your homework like I said the time will be 4:00 when you look back at your phone"
Review of Vyvanse: "Then put me on 20mg, and now I am on 40 mg. Throughout this whole trial, I have noticed a huge difference. I do have less appetite like everyone else does. But that don't bother me. I am over weight already. I also concentrate way better. I am much happier during the day and my patience has increased. He did put me on Lexapro for my anxiety and that is all going good as well."
Review of Metadate CD: "My son is getting ready to turn 7. He has been on Metadate CD for 2 years. We first started him out on the 10mg but after six months we had to go up to 20mg. Before he started the Metadate the teacher would have to chase him around the room and keep him from doing flips during circle time. The school even suggested that I pull him out for an extra year since he was a July birthday. I took my son to the doctor and told them what the school wanted to do she tested him and then started him on the Metadate. I could tell a difference on the first pill. He has made straight A's every since. Now that he can focus and sit still he is the first one done with his work and the teachers have decided to test him for the Gifted program."
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvanse is great.  It has a longer dosing window than Adderall XR (12 vs 8 hours for me) and a slightly improved side-effect profile.  As a longtime (~16 years) prescription stimulant user, for ADHD, I would recommend Vyvanse to any user that is currently unsatisfied with their ADHD management.  It is no silver bullet, but there are no silver bullets for ADHD.  It is incremental innovation in a great way. Vyvanse is the first real stimulant to reduce side effects without cutting efficacy."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Added 40 mg/day to Wellbutrin. I don't space out anymore, and actually do things start to finish. My doctor said Wellbutrin may decrease the effect of stims, and lengthen effective time. I don't experience any crashes with this combo, but have noticed that some effects from the Wellbutrin are a little less. This combo is for me for now, but expect will need to change as tolerance grows. Needed 20mg in the AM to begin therapeutic effects. Definitely could go to bed while on this, don't seem to experience any of the common side effects, or any speediness.Actually increased my appetite (Wellbutrin suppressed)"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 16 and I started using Vyvanse a little over one month ago. I am a very bright student but I found myself struggling through school. I was diagnosed with ADD around 4th grade. I have always had trouble focusing and staying on task. I tried Concerta, Ritalin, Strattera and Adderal. After taking those I took about a 4 year break from medicine. I began Welbutrin and am now taking that in combination with Vyvanse. My grades improved tremendously. I can now focus and it shows. I went from a D in Algebra/Geo to an A. My life and confidence has improved more than I ever thought possible. I do have decreased appetite but other than that, this medicine is literally making my future brighter everyday."
Review of Evekeo: "Eh, it's better than adderall but vyvanse is still a lot smoother.Gave me horrible indigestion and heart burn as well as extreme anxiety and chest pain."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "It works, very well in fact, but I am getting really annoying side effects. Dry mouth, stomach pains, on the first day I take it, after it completely gets out of my system, I usually get headaches. I also barely eat, instead of eating about 3 steaks, I can only eat half a steak. Most peoples' side effects aren't as bad as mine, though."
Review of Methamphetamine: "Truly works great but cannot afford the brand name only generic and yes I'm a bit shy/embarrassed about it so far so good."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Our son has gone through 3 other medicines, and this is the only one that has worked with no side effects.   We have noticed that it wears off at the end of the school day, so after school activities are a little more challenging.   He struggles a little in the evening, since it's definitely worn off by then, but what it does for him in school is great.  We're looking into options to help him in the evening without messing up his sleep."
Review of Guanfacine: "I was put on Intuniv because I have schizophrenia and ADHD as I can't take the stimulant type medications.  I used the starter kit and did not notice any improvement in my focus or attention.  I was so tired I was falling asleep at 7-9pm at night and waking up at 6-7 in the morning.  I went to table tennis and was just a zombie.  I was asleep on my feet and couldn't wait for class to end instead of being my normal happy active self during class. I stopped taking this medicine ...even if it had helped with my ADHD it would probably have not been worth the side effects."
Review of Evekeo: "20 y/o college female. Keeps me alert, focused, awake. I usually wait a little bit after taking it to have caffeine, not necessary just personal preference based on how it makes me feel. Switched to it after taking vyvanse for almost a year, which was great but it eventually made me irritable. so far i have loved this medication. no side effects, but if you take a dose too late in the day it will keep you up at night. i take 5mg in the morning and then another dose when i really need to focus. shorter release so i feel like i need a nap after 4-5 hours. overall would recommend."
Review of Vyvanse: "At first I was a bit skeptical. This is my first time using any pill for ADHD. It took at least 2 hours to kick in, but when it did, I worked on 3 assignments non stop for 8 hours and my brain is still clicking. This really helped me!"
Review of Intuniv: "Ours 8 year old son as done so much better with the Intuniv.  He takes 2 mg, at night.  I see posts on the cost, check a Canadian pharmacy.  We only pay $450 for 90 days, brand.  Otherwise, would be $900 here in the states.  You fax your prescription and they mail you 3 month supply.  No  side effects for us."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Great medication. I was doing tasks again and talking to people again. The only down side is I want something more 24hrs. The instant release tabs had peaks and after the peaks I would have massive anxiety and the same was with the extended release. It's a great medicine but not for me."
Review of Clonidine: "My son used various stimulants for yrs for ADHD and ODD. Now 10, newly diagnosed with Sensory Processing Disorder (SPD) and still struggling because of impulsiveness & high metabolism, the docs added non-stimulants.  Intuniv dropped his bp way too low. Clonidine IR worked GREAT the 1st 2 days, then okay. Changed to Kapvay for long-acting effects, but we stopped because of awful insomnia for 2 weeks. I rated Clonidine IR as an 8 because when we went back to Clonidine IR, his insomnia stopped and it decreased his impulsiveness.  It just stinks that he has to take it over and over again because it's short acting."
Review of Adderall XR: "I am 43 years old, dropped out of high school, had many bad relationships, many bad decisions, and could never finish 1 thing when I started it, could never be organized, could never remember things when first told, always lost things or misplaced them, tripped over my own feet, and was never good at keeping appointments, I would forget about them. I have been on Adderall for 4 years, had my ups and downs with it, have had to change the dose some, go off of it on my days off, because it got to where it wasn't working as well, and if I medicated myself, I took to much, or not enough. I do notice a BIG difference in the generic, even though they say its the same. Adderall XR has worked wonders for me, and has changed my life."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 16 years old, and I've just recently started taking Vyvanse. I just started taking a new pill for my depression. Zoloft, which started helping. But I could notice a HUGE difference with Vyvanse right away. I am much more talkative, been in a better mood, less lazy, and I actually don't mind cleaning my room every now and then. I used to fight with my boyfriend all the time about things, which I now realize should have been no big deal at all. But now, things have changed. I'm excited for school, even because I want to see if Vyvanse will help me bring up my grades and concentrate better, instead of falling asleep in class. Some side effects I've noticed though is not having an appetite, and talking too much."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I'm a 26 year old female and been taking Straterra for 2 weeks for ADD and I love it. Straterra has been a miracle for me. Before I would start projects and never finish them but now I finish them. I'm actually happy instead of being down on myself and staying frustrated all the time my husband says I smile and laugh a lot more. I am experiencing some of the side effects, dry mouth, chills weight loss and I don't eat near as much but I needed to lose weight and ate to much before taking the drug. I just hope this medicine continues to work for me because so far its awesome."
Review of Amphetamine: "Tried all these different medicines and found vyvanse XR worked perfect Until insurance didnt cover it anymore so I took Concerta and that basically made my heart rate go up to 170 BPM and it was ridiculous so I tried a newer medication evekeo and its good but causes a hell of a withdrawal including anger  diarrhea dizziness nausea loss of appetite but for the most part its good"
Review of Intuniv: "Our son was diagnosed with ADD when he was in grade 5-he was started on vyvanse and after a few months and a dose increase developed psychotic episodes.  This experience scared the life out of me so we stopped the drug and revisited pharmaceuticals with our pediatrician.She suggested Intuniv and we tried it. Our son has been on the drug now for almost 4 years-he is on the max dose for his age (3 mg) (?) and I honestly can't see if there is a difference.  He has had no visible side effects-nothing like I have been reading about above. If anything he has put on weight (it is not a stimulant).We are going to try weaning him off in the next few months to see if there is a difference in schoolwork and to see if the med is really working."
Review of Adderall: "My 9 years old nephew took this for a while. It helped with focus, but made him extremely angry and argumentative. Also, he refused to sleep at night unless he was in the same room as his grandmother. He has tried multiple medications but so far all gave some negative side effect or lose effectiveness soon after he starts taking it."
Review of Clonidine: "This review is more frustration with my doctors than this drug. I was diagnosed with inattentive type ADHD over a year ago, although I've had it for my entire life. Because my heart rate was high, I was initially put on Strattera. Didn't work, massive headaches, gross night sweats. Gave up for a while. Finally got a new doctor and she puts me on Catapres because it helps with anxiety (which I have bundles of) and prescribing a stimulant would lead to "questions about her qualifications" (seriously tho). Taking it at night with my Trazodone does help put me to sleep, but has long-lasting lethargic effects during the day that end up causing ironic panic attacks at work because I hate feeling sedated when I need to be alert. Back to square one"
Review of Atomoxetine: "15 year old female with ADHD and mild depression. This sent me into a downwards spiral of suicidal thoughts and erratic behavior. It also caused me to throw up and miss meals due to the 'stuck in my throat' feeling it gave in addition to the burning acid in my throat feeling. Also it gave me headaches so severe I wouldn't even get out of bed.  I give this a 2/10 because although it did help a little, the negative side effects are too much for me."
Review of Adderall: "I was put on Ritalin when I was 6. I did not like it. I took myself off of it when I was 14. My grades plummeted, I developed depression, and then anxiety. I continued to become lethargic, and relied heavily on caffeine. I am now 25. I began to take Adderall recently due to severe trouble concentrating at work, thinking it may help me keep my job. Now that my body seems to be used to the medication I can hardly tell I'm on it. I have noticed improved memory, focus, and concentration. I did have some very adverse side effects accidentally combining with caffeine. I've found now that my body has adjusted I have no side effects and my concentration remains improved, and bonus, no depression. I do worry about cessation."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son is currently on 20mgs once a day. Diagnosed and medicated September 2016. We noticed he does this blank stare where his eyes roll up and makes a tasting motion with his mouth. I notified Dr and he had a EEG done. Turns out they were seizures. He is doing super well in school, complete 180 but I don't think  it worth it. He's now on liquid keppra. I feel like has just going down hill. Super irritable, mood swings which they said was a side effect of being on both. Very disheartening. Waiting for MD to call back to change his med to a non stimulant."
Review of Bupropion: "Wellbutrin has helped the anxiety and depression associated with my ADD.  After quitting smoking my Adderall quit being effective.  Rather than upping my dose of my stimulant medication, I opted for "nicotine replacement therapy."  I am so glad I did.  This is the most effective thing I have ever tried.  In the past I have tried Zoloft and Effexor."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 45 years old with 2 sons with ADHD.  I've always known that I also have ADHD, but it wasn't officially diagnosed until 2 months ago.  My doctor put me on an escalating dose of Vyvanse, starting at 30mg and upped to 50mg.   I am so glad I finally sought treatment and my physician prescribed this medication.  I can read something and pay attention to the words I am reading for the first time in my whole life.  I don't have to re-read and re-read until I can concentrate on the words.  My thoughts are much more organized, and I don't feel like a spinning top.  I have not experienced any negative side-effects, and I am sleeping better.I know that others have had some bad effects with this drug, but it is a miracle medicine for me."
Review of Adderall: "I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 6 yrs old and pretty much just learned to deal with it until age 14. When I started 8th grade, my parents put me on the meds and I absolutely love it! I'm so much more successful! Plus I feel better about myself as a person. I don't know how I went all those years without it. Its definitely made my life better."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 18 years old and just graduated high school, all of my life I have had issues with going to school and getting things done. Always had great grades the first months of the school year then they would drop to C's, D's or failing. I was put on Vyvanse 1 day before my 18th birthday and it completely changed my life. Not only am I a much happier person, but I actually take interest in things and like finishing things I start! I have noticed some weight loss, but my appetite is and always will be still there. I'd really love to thank whoever discovered the wonderful prescription Vyvanse!"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "So I was recently diagnosed with ADHD and am taking welbutrin however it wasn't doing enough so I requested to try a stimulant, specifically this one since the ratings are so high and predominately positive. Within minutes of taking 10mg the anxiety was... just wayy too much. I also didn't really know how to feel or what to do. It did help me with focusing...better than almost anything else I've tried. Then after that I went away about a half an hour later I started to feel better after I ate something. The remainder of the day I was so tired I just layed in bed. It works don't get me wrong but I just cant put my faith in an addictive/phisically dependant med. I stopped taking it. Gonna try strattera next"
Review of Vyvanse: "My 10 yr old daughter was put on low dose (20mg) of Vyvanse for ADHD.  Her ADHD was severely affecting her school work.  Positive:  immediately teachers and I noticed she could focus, sit more still, and initiate her own homework, etc...  But it's the NEGATIVE side affects that seriously concerned me.  She went from a cheerful, joyous girl, to a melancholy zombie.  Even worse, she became more and more depressed & irritable at night.  She said she felt like she lost all personality and had a sadness that she didn't understand why.  I can not emphasize enough how scary it was to see her whole personality change, and that was not worth any benefits.she got out of Vyvanse. Other side effects:  loss of appetite, joint/muscle pain, mouth twitch."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm 16, and have been taking Concerta for about a year now. It works well and really helps me focus, but I do have a lack of appetite and trouble sleeping. Neither of those are really bad though. My 2 biggest complaints are first that I feel less creative while I'm on it and second, when I don't take it now my concentration is horrible, and I get less done than before I started taking it."
Review of Methylphenidate: "As a practicing physician, Concerta really targets the receptor cells better than other narcotics for ADHD. I recommend Concerta for any patient who suffers from moderate to severe ADHD."
Review of Vyvanse: "My son started Vyvanse two weeks ago and the difference is incredible. He has never had behavioral issues and only suffers from ADD. He just couldn't concentrate or stay on task. Reading was a nightmare and he was barely managing to pass. We were scared of trying any medicines but are so glad that we did. He did experience a few side effects such as headaches and nausea the first few days, but those have passed. Most important, he is still my son, no zombies. Homework is easy and his teacher already reports better grades. I encourage any parent to at least try this medicine. It has improved our quality of life even. We have more time for fun stuff and I don't have to nag him constantly to do his normal chores. They get done the first time."
Review of Adderall XR: "I have been taking this for 2 days. It is great, I have been losing my appetite but have been eating when I get home. Other then that it is great."
Review of Concerta: "I am very happy with Concerta. I am 17 years old and started taking this about 3 months ago. Before I took this, I had a lot of trouble in school with paying attention and focusing, and after I took it, I noticed an immediate difference and it was so much easier to focus and pay attention. Another really positive feedback from Concerta is that it helps me engage in conversation more because I am more focused and I don't interrupt people like I used to. Also, it helps me think things through more."
Review of Guanfacine: "I'm 22 year old female. I was on Vyvanse 60mg, but side effects were getting bad. Switched to Invuniv, only made it through 2 weeks of it. It made me very sleepy, sluggish, and cranky (could have been withdrawals of the Vyvanse). I could not wait for it to kick in for another 2 weeks as recommended. "
Review of Desoxyn: "How is this not more widely prescribed? My doc had me on Strattera at first, didn't help at all. Next I switched to Concerta, which worked, but  increased my anxiety, and I had a crash. Next I switched to Adderall, which had almost the same effect as Concerta but on top of that I had no appetite.Finally I switched to Desoxyn and that's when my life started to turn around. My grades instantly went up and homework became fun for me. Math problems became like a puzzle, and history became fun, like watching a real-life movie. Right when I made the switch to Desoxyn, I got caught up on ALL my homework and my grades instantly switched from D's and F's to B's and A's. Not only that, but my social anxiety was completely GONE."
Review of Concerta: "I absolutely love this medication for my ADHD and as a mood stabilizer. It works wonders with little to no side effects. Coming down from it in the evenings is another story .. My coming down period sucks as I just get consumed with rage."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I started with a low dose and then took the highest dose. I noticed nothing for the first two months and then I felt suicidal, derpressed and it did nothing for my ADHD. It was costly even with insurance and I had to stop taking it. Now I'm stuck with my ADHD and never have I felt worse than I did on this medication. It messes with your mind."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Well I been on this medication since I was 9 to about 13 years on age and I was wondering was that a to long amount of years on medication I'm 19 now"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am 37 years old and was finally diagnosed with Adult ADHD almost 2 years ago so I was put on 20 mg Adderal XR and it worked great. But I did start to notice that I would get pretty irritable on it mostly when it was wearing off. So I wanted to try a different medication to see if there was one I wasn't so grumpy on. So I started Metadate CD and I was not irritable on that one at all :) But it seemed to wear off within 4 hours and made me soo tired. So now I am on Aptensio and it has been pretty good so far I have only been on it for about a week and it really does last a long time and I am able to stay focused. I don't feel a crash like Adderal. I would just recommend taking it early in the morning so it can wear off before you go to bed."
Review of Methamphetamine: "MUCH BETTER than Adderall, Vyvanse, or Dexedrine, or Ritalin.  IT is more effective for performing my scores on tests and learning.  It is better for the social anxiety component of ADHD. It is neurotoxic so you may not want to stay on it for the entire year, however, IT DOES have medical value at low doses if used by RESPONSIBLE users for several months out of the year. IT IS very effective for controlling treatment resistant depression and appetite problems as well. However, appetite would return to baseline when stopping Desoxyn.  I think this medicine should be strictly controlled, but should be available to patients who could truly benefit from it.  It has helped me get through a very difficult year, but my doctor took me off it. "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "As the above suggests, my whole life I was a little terror. After going through a severe depression stage in my early teens and plummeting grades through high school (I always got the "shes very smart but never does her homework), I am finally on the right track. This drug actually helps to control my anxiety and mood as well as accomplish the tasks at hand. For the first time I don't feel overwhelmed when I look at all the things I need to do."
Review of Wellbutrin XL: "I absolutely loved this medication.  Within a few short weeks, for the first time ever I was able to complete tasks I never thought I'd finish.  In one day I excitedly completed 6 projects that had been sitting around unfinished for months.  Sadly for me, I got a horrible rash and realized I was allergic to it.  I've tried a few other medications, but for me, nothing's ever come close to being as effective."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I had taken Adderal for years.  90mg daily. It was suggested by my psychiatrist to start taking the Vyvanse.  I have really noticed a decrease in my energy level, and sometimes I struggle with motivation issues.  I take 70mg daily. I sometimes have to check to make sure that I did remember to take it that day."
Review of Vyvanse: "Great at first, then you titrate up, and eventually you plateau and realize it's not working as well as it did and you're a junkie if you keep jacking up the dosage.  I gave it up and don't miss it."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 60 years old and a career woman who has always struggled with completing tasks despite working long hours. Had recently succombed to depression and loss of self esteem because I was feeling I was no longer capable of performing my job because of age. Suffered this feeling most of my life,  been in therapy and was usually prescribed antidepressants or SSRI inhibitors to treat my symptoms but never cause of my symptoms. I did not even know adults could suffer from ADD. FINALLY a therapist took the time to treat the cause of my lifelong struggle instead of merely sedating me.  MY LIFE HAS CHANGED!! MY JOB PERFORMANCE AND PERSONAL LIFE HAS IMPROVED. I ACTUALLY ACCOMPLISH THINGS.  Why so late in life?"
Review of Adderall XR: "I started on 20mg Adderall XR 1 month ago. I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 13. I was first medicated on Ritalin and I went off of it because it made me very uneasy on the insides. I managed to get through school with all applied courses because a gold fish had a higher attention span then me. If I could turn back time I would have chosen the Adderall path. Just a few side effects that really weren't to bad, I lost a lot of weight because it suppressed my appetite, it was all weight that I could afford to lose and I feel better about myself, I do however have to make a list of tasks before I begin my day or I just get super hyper focused on one thing for to long. I grind my teeth and I have to take sleep-aids but it's worth it."
Review of Vyvanse: "My experience was probably the worst I've had so far. I lost 20 lbs with 40mg of Vyvanse. I was a healthy 145 lbs, I am now 120lbs. I had horrible diarrhea, its was so bad. I was extremely faint and dizzy. I could go without sleeping and eating for almost days. I had terrible heart fluttering feelings. However it did work great for my ADHD and also for my depression and anxiety. But, of course, I struggled with malnutrition and have been struggling so much (still) with gaining the weight back. I then had taken 30mg, but then it was not enough. Finding the right medication is such a struggle.."
Review of Vyvanse: "I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 19, and I'm now 23. I have a "severe" case as my psychologist & therapist would say in the 1 visit I met with them. I started out on Adderall and Adderall XR, but had to stop taking it due to the side effects like mood swings and Parkinson's like shaking in my hands. So my dr changed my meds to Vyvanse. I've been taking it for 1 yr and I no longer have mood swings or shake which is awesome because I don't think someone would like a shaking dental hygienist. I like Vyvanse because it still helps me concentrate, stay organized, and remember things that are told to me, but it wears off quickly. That is my only dislike about Vyvanse."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Was on Concerta xl for 7 days and had to come off it due to the unbearable side effects of the drug. I  was diagnosed with ADHD (inattentive sub type) generalised anxiety and depression. This drug made me feel very nauseous, gave me a headache, made me shake, gave me twitches throughout my body, messed my brain up in terms of cognition etc, made me very aware of my heartbeat, made me extremely anxious to the point of not being able to leave my room or communicate with anyone and just generally messed me up. At one point i was doing some stretching on a yoga mat to try and calm myself down and i felt so confused that i didn't know what to do with my legs. This drug wasn't for me and caused an unpleasant experience."
Review of Bupropion: "Started wellbutrin 150 XL  once a day last year. Went up to 300 XL once a day. I felt very hyper, so went back go 150. Six months later tried above again. This time feel great. Very calm. Wonder why that is?"
Review of Vyvanse: "We switched on the advice of the then new ADHD therapist.  It took longer to "kick in" and build up than other meds we tried but it has been a God send.  His grades are WAY up and he's not as hot or cold as he used to be.  My only issues are he won't eat while on it...not even a tiny bite.  Dr is keeping an eye on the weight.  Also, to me, he's not himself.  I don't like the flatness because his personality is so big!  At least it wears off!"
Review of Vyvanse: "My 14 year old daughter had been taking Vyvanse since 2010 - her current dosage is 50mg.  In the first couple years I believe this medication was a good fit for my daughter; however, It is my opinion she needs a change.  Also thanks to Obmacare effective 1/1/16 we are paying a copayment of $197 (from $40). Unbelievable for Vyvanse to NOT RELEASE A GENERIC until 2023!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have been taking conserta 54 and 36 (legally )for many years now the only main side effects are that it cause you to lose your appetite , twitch a bit. I don't think its for everyone."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm a 20 year old female who started taking Vyvanse about a year ago. I take two 70s every morning and I still end up feeling exhausted around 9 every night. I'm pretty sure I'm heavily bipolar though and that my family isn't listening to me causing me to frankly, lose my mind. I end up skipping a lot of pills and that seems to help. Those days I feel comfortably idle."
Review of Dexedrine: "My experience is limited since I have only been on this medication for a few days.  I am a medical resident, diagnosed with ADHD at 32. Got sick and tired of my mediocre performance at work. Tried Straterra, Viibryd and Wellbutrin, nothing worked. Just started on Dexedrine 5mg 2-3 times a day. My first day on it, I studied all day until midnight. I was so motivated, I felt great, on top of the world, I was so driven. I noticed an immediate difference in my performance at work and it made me a nicer, less cynical. The bad thing was insomnia, teeth clenching, some nausea, decreased appetite and the drop in my mood once it wore off. I am worried about intolerance which is driving up my anxiety level. "
Review of Daytrana: "My husband and I didn't believe in ADD. My child's doctor said that he would only medicate if my child's grades were suffering.  We postponed medication until my son was in the 5th grade and grades started plummeting. He is not hyper or misbehaved but has difficulty focusing, completing tasks and becoming overwhelmed.  We tried other medicines, but Daytrana was for us.  No fuss to take medicines.  No sudden drop in mood. No depression.  The only drawback was itchy skin, but he overcame this and difficulty removing the backing, but overtime this becomes easier. I would recommend this. Do not give up on your child.  ADD is real!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I call this my miracle. It saved my sanity. We weren't having success with anything! Wow! Love this patch! Young girl went from running around the house getting into one thing after another, to finally being able to sit down and play video games. Side effects-she could just peel it off!  Itching where applied, seems to subside the longer you wear it. Gets red, irritated in that spot. Alternate hips. NO APPETITE until medicine wore off. I served breakfast at 4am to get 3 meals a day. Dinner 1 1/2 - 2 hours after removing patch and lunch if you want to call it that around 8am. It was worth it to me to save my sanity. Patch does take 2 hrs to kick in. Lasts well over an hour after you remove it. Left on longer than recommended on many occasions."
Review of Strattera: "36 year old female diagnosed last year. I did not want medication, but fearing I'd lose my job from symptoms, talked to my doctor and gave Strattera a try. Been on it a month. Can see major improvements in concentration, getting things done, not jumping from one thing to another constantly. I'm also a calmer, less anxious version of myself, more patient mother. Things don't seem to bother me as much! My head is quiet. For side effects the first 2 days were bad - chills, tingling/current sensation on my scalp, upper back and neck and numb arms, drowsy. My doctor told me not to quit, so glad I did! No constipation or trouble urinating. Still get occasional chills and scalp tingling, low appetite (good cause I was overeating!). Hope it lasts!"
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 11 and I take it. Before I got in trouble a lot, but now I'm fine."
Review of Adderall: "I took adderall for approx. 6 years. I started off taking 10mg twice a day. The last year of college I was taking 30mg time release twice a day. I feel that I did benefit from the medication during my last year of highschool and throughout college. My grades were B's and above, and during the first three years of highschool I would jump for joy if I earned a B. So having said that, yes adderall did help with my ability to focus, retain information, and to some degree my determination to complete tasks throughout the day. There was a huge price to pay for taking adderall for as long as I did. My metabolism slowed down immensely and maintaining the same diet and exercise I am 50lbs heavier. Doctor told me I would gain 40-75lbs and I did."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Before I started on methylphenidate I was using strattera 80mg, but I only got the side effect and sweated all the time even when doing nothing, also had dizziness and panick attacks.When I got offered methylphenidate I could concentrate alot better and all the side effects never came, the only side effect I have is maybe sometimes palpitations but not as often. good medicination for ADHD."
Review of Daytrana: "My son has been on several different ADHD medications.  He had been on one for a couple years and it wasn't having the effect it should after so long, so they changed him to Daytrana.  He was so out of control on this medication.  It actually seemed to make his impulse issues and attention worse. We discontinued the patch after the 2nd week.  Hopefully it's positive for others, just definitely not the one for my son."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 8 year old son has taken it for two months now. It has helped out a lot in school and with his social behavior. However he has gotten depressed and we have just taken him off it."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "Overall this medication has been absolutely wonderful.  Our 12 year old son was diagnosed at age 7 with ADHD. We did try another medicine, but it stopped working after about 2 years. We have been on the Focalin XR since.  Our son takes 25 mg, 2 times daily about 6 hours apart. It has helped a ton. He does have the appetite issue, but we are sustaining it, and when it wears off at nite, he eats great. The mornings are the worst part before the medicine kicks in.  Our son has improved so much in school and in his extra curricular activities.  He is a total joy when the medication is working. We do try and give him "drug vacations" on the weekends and during the summer which helps maintain his weight."
Review of Focalin XR: "I was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 7. I started with Concerta to treat it but as time went on the side effects and the dosage being 135mg was getting annoying. I have noticed that Focalin XR has fewer side effects than Concerta. Also, I eat a good deal more and I can sleep when taking it. I also read in the comments that the maximum dosage is 20mg? I take 35mg and will probably up my dose. Other than that it is a very good medication."
Review of Quillivant XR: "This has been the best medication for my 10-yr old son, both in how it works and the fact that it's a liquid. He has severe ADHD. He can't swallow pills and the patch gave him a rash. He had tried a few capsule meds opened up & the extended release bead mixed in pudding. As soon as this came out, we switched him to Quillivant and he's had great success in managing his ADHD during the day. He starts having trouble at school around 1pm, so it does wear off somewhat, but overall we have been impressed with this medication. I will second the other reviewer's comment that you should get the Copay card from your prescriber that is given to them by the manufacturer so it only costs $20/month. You can get a new one each calendar year."
Review of Adderall: "I began taking Adderall tablets, 15 -25 mg off and on, sometimes using Ritalin tablets instead. Both medications, although chemically different, have been bad for my sex drive. Adderall was preferable as it did not cause me to feel so emotionally vulnerable and 'weepy' as Ritalin. BUT learning that there's a neuro-toxic impact from Adderall that does not occur with Dexedrine has made me ask the question: why not Dexedrine? I do not enjoy the Adderall 'high' ~ I always take every medicine as prescribed AND vacation. Adderall helped me focus but *felt* physically mean. Now my psych doctor has prescribed Dexedrine ER. I look forward to enjoying sex again. "
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvanse has helped me immensely as my focus is much better and I have had no ill effects whatsoever. The loss of appetite effect has been very welcome with growing older (I am 46). I have struggled with a sedentary lifestyle and my weight kept increasing. Since taking Vyvanse I have lost 50lbs and that has helped my sleep apnea to the point that I feel much better in the morning and I am not at the same weight I was when I got married 17 years ago. I am 200 lbs 6'1" and have worked up from the initial 10Mg dosage to the max now at 70Mg. I have been on Vyvanse for about a year and a half."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Been diagnosed with severe adhd as a child on all the generic medications ritalin aderall aderall xr. Decided to run my life without it and did well for a while til i became 25. As you get older adhd changes and involves more depression emotion and anger while still keeping your energy level and craziness. Vyvanse was prescribbed at a low dose and it is CLEARLY night and day on it.. Emotions are manageable and mind is clear.. One thought at a time. The lights in our mind do go out a tad. Its not so exciting in your own head anymore but you do gain a sense of control that is with ADHD dont even know exists. Some dry mouth and it will keep you up at night if you take it too late. But thats to be expected from amphetamines. Some loss of appeti"
Review of Guanfacine: "I am currently taking Vyvanse and Intuniv. I am 16 years old and I have ADD. I am on week 2 of the Intuniv. I have noticed that every time I get up from sitting down or laying down, I get very dizzy. I haven't felt sleepy or tired, but I think that's just because I am taking the Vyvanse too. I am taking Intuniv to try to cancel out the anxiety side effect of the Vyvanse. I haven't noticed a difference at all. I am just very frustrated at this point. I have tried almost every ADD medicine out there. I still have impulses and still am a perfectionist. I am still hoping that it will improve over time."
Review of Concerta: "I am a college student and I have to say this is by far the best ADHD medication I have taken. I was taking Adderall XR prior and was having major anxiety attacks/mood swings and just never really adjusted to it, so my doctor switched me to Concerta. It has helped me tremendously, I am finding it so much easier to focus and complete tasks, I have gone from C's to the deans list over the last year. I feel no side effects, I take the extended release medication early in the morning so it lasts all day but does not interfere with my sleep patterns. I would recommend this medication, it has worked wonders for me!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 9yr old son has been on it Metadate 20mg for over a year now. Only side effect is lost of appetite so I make him eat a big breakfast. He only takes it on the week days for school it has really helped him to focus. My sons grade improved from 60's to 90's. I like Metadate because by the time he's out from school the medication has warn off and he's back to his normal active self. During the summer I also give him a break from the med and we do not have to tapper off in order for him to stop. We've tried other medications that which had not so good side effects. Metadate so far is the best."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I seem to not be able to focus as well on this as I did on my 20mg adderral but at the same time it didn't last very long, not even close to all day, but its only been 6 weeks so I'm hopeful this will work out!"
Review of Focalin: "My 7.5 year old son has been taking 10mg Focalin for nearly a year.  Immediately it was a "miracle" for us.  He had good behavior marks in school, could finish his work and we were getting along better at home too.  About a month ago it seemed like maybe he had outgrown his dose, we upped it to 15mg.  Immediately again, great results.  But, we spent 4 hours in the ER tonight getting 2 EKGs & xrays because of his chest pains and irregular heartbeat.  Final diagnosis: stop taking Focalin.  As much as I loved the behavior and focus improvements he had from the drug, I love him more and can't risk damaging his heart."
Review of Atomoxetine: "45 year old woman, 138lbs 5'7".Started at 25mg and titrated slowly. Noticed within a week my stress responses improved. Continued to increase as no change to organisation, memory or attention. Felt ok even at 100mg. Then since I started 120mg, I feel quite unwell. I don't think I'm unable to sustain this dose as side effects are strong: nausea after 1hr of ingestion, tiredness, feeling as though I've had too much strong coffee. The S/E definitely more pronounced if I'm not doing anything so I try and stay active and never take this on an empty stomach! I'll give it 2 more weeks at 120mg (which will be 6 weeks total) then gently titrate down. It gives me palpitations, too, which make me unhappy. I get this free on NHS in UK."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I am starting on a low dose as I was given a stimulant type at first, which made me feel sick and stopped me sleeping. So now I am on Atomxetine but just a low dose as I seem to suffer badly with side effects. At my recent assessment, the doc told me to increase dose to 40mg, then 80, but I decided to start on 20 mg, then 40 second week. Only I am finding I can't sleep so I am going to try to take about 2 hours before bedtime, see if that helps. Not sure what to do if these don't work ...Any advice would be grateful, thanks"
Review of Adderall: "Works well, helps my focus during class and while doing homework. Concerta seemed to work better, but I think this stuff is doing a good job. It doesn't suppress your appetite as much as Concerta."
Review of Adderall: "Caused migraines."
Review of Guanfacine: "This is a great medicine. I have known that my daughter now 7, has always been extremely energetic and talkative her entire life, but her impulsivity, inability to concentrate on work (or play), and energy were really interfering with her school and home life. I was so stressed out every day. The behavioral problems were never ending. I mean this child was ALWAYS in trouble, poor girl! She is now like the little girl that I always knew was hiding away in there, but would only rarely come out, she has all of the same positive personality traits plus more. I feel like I can finally connect with her, like her brain just clicked and she is now living in the same reality as everyone around her instead of lost in her  mind. It does make her sleepy."
Review of Focalin: "My 4 yo started taking focalin today..5mg.. she is higher than a kite.. she talks incessantly.. she is licking her chin.. she is having mouth ticks..she is sweating and scratching her face and arms..her heart is beating so fast and is crying too. She will NEVER take this med again.. ADHD is easier than this. It has been nearly 6 hrs and it is still going strong. I can't get anything done for fear of taking my eyes off her. I would give it a 0 but wasn't an option."
Review of Strattera: "The first day I took an 18mg pill. I was tired during the day, so I stopped. My doctor suggested I try again, this time taking 5mg before bed. After a few days of feeling tired all day, I realized something was very wrong. I also read that there is a possible interaction with Wellbutrin XL, which I am also taking. I stopped the Strattera and am back to "normal" again."
Review of Strattera: "My son was diagnosed with Autism, however he has symptoms of ADHD but is not. The ADHD meds. just made things worse for him so the Dr. gave me Strattera to try 10mg and it helped, I kept wondering why he could take this but not other ADHD meds. his pediatrician told me it is an antidepressant that was discovered to have a calming effect, and if it makes him tired take it at bedtime. It is very expensive but helps we have not been able to increase the dose, but kids on the spectrum are difficult to medicate."
Review of Guanfacine: "Great medication. I was originally prescribed this medication in a treatment center to help me sleep and with anxiety when I got off of amphetamines (adderall, other amphetamines). I was taking it at bedtime. I found that it helps more with my focus, and it wears off during the day. I take 3mg once daily. However, I still have some strong ADHD symptoms. Intuiv just helps me... stay less scattered. Oh, and insurance is a rubbish it can be difficult to get this medication even with insurance."
Review of Methylphenidate: "This is it. You might have to up or decrease you mg according to how you feel at first. I take 3, 18mg tabs in morning. It is the Concerta ER, lasts from 8-12 hrs. No side effects at all for me. I am calmer, more focused, and still get a lot done during the day. I easily go to sleep now. Recommended for ADHD though, not for ADD symptoms. I am energized during the day and do not "feel" like I am "coming off something". I highly recommend this."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm 17 and have been taking this for about a month now for ADHD. I started at small doses of Ritalin (10 mg) and then moved to 20 mg. My doctor thought it would be easier to just put me on Concerta since it's 18 mg a pill. I then took 36 mg of Concerta which didn't work out. I got major irritability and started feeling depressed. Even my focus was off. I went back down to 18 mg and it's working much better. No irritability, depression feeling. Make sure you're on the right dose for your body, too much can do more harm and too little may not do any thing."
Review of Desvenlafaxine: "I have been taking 100mg every morning for 9 months,with Trileptal 450mg at night and Adderal in am and after lunch. I was so scattered and depressed last January 09 due to a lot of life changes but really all my life I have sabotaged myself living without treatment. These medicines saved my life and I will continue on them as long as they work. Pritiq is good for me. I mistakenly got my dose mixed up when I first started Pristiq and took 200mg. Never felt better but soon found out that it was dangerous and max is 100mg. Whew...must be careful. Life is good today and it can be for you too. I also use the Pristiq discount card and pay half price...really helps."
Review of Vyvanse: "I started Vyvanse at 15 after a 2 year run on Concerta which I hated. When I started Vyvanse I was 5'8 150lbs. I started on the 30 mg dose and within a year was down to 132 pounds. The medicine works like a charm but makes it near impossible for me to eat."
Review of Bupropion: "Been on it for almost 2 weeks. Feels like nothings getting better. Used to be a caffeine addict stopped that, but now I have insomnia from this. Still have trouble waking up, getting motivated. My heart races and this puts me in a careless and out of it mood and want to try something else."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have a nine year old son who was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of six. We tried Focalin first and it made him extremely weepy. A month later we tried Vyvanse and had a good experience with it for three years. There was a major rebound effect but we felt lucky to have some relief from symptoms for the hours that we did and dealt with the negatives. We moved from CA to a high altitude state and his meds went haywire. We tried Strattera for two months and he had a stable mood but zero focus. We started Concerta two weeks ago and are extremely happy. We aren't dealing with an afternoon rebound!!!! He is pleasant. He can focus. We are hopeful that the good will continue. I suggest trying this drug or another one if you aren't 100% satisfied."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I use Dextrostat for adult ADHD and have found it to be very effective in controlling my symptoms without any adverse effects."
Review of Intuniv: "We began with night wakings then more aggression. He was never aggressive like this before. Raised to 2 mg symptoms increased again. Still hyper and seemed worse than before. Upon reducing back to 1 mg to none it's been a nightmare. Red red cheeks. Bouncing off walls. Bouncing Up till 3 am. Starting to come down a bit but oh my god the havoc on his mind and body and us plus no sleep. Doc said there wouldn't be any withdrawal "
Review of Methylphenidate: "I used this for about a week, it caused severe dry mouth and loss of appetite."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have to give Vyvanse a solid 10. I asked my Dr to switch me from Adderall instant release 20mg 2x a day to Vyvanse and in my honest opinion this was the best decision I made. Vyvanse helps me focus, more motivation, feels more subtle which I absolutely love. Adderall for some reason made me feel like a different person, but with vyvanse I feel like myself still which is great. It is really long lasting, I don't know or understand how people say it only last for a few hours when in my experience it last a good 12-13 hrs. In fact I heard people say it loses potency after 4 hours or so but in my experience I think it actually increases. But this is just my experience, and maybe metabolism aswell but anyway I hope this is helpful for others."
Review of Vyvanse: "Been on Vyvanse for three months now. I'm 6 foot 195 pounds and 20 years old but find even the 30 mg dosage to be more than enough for me. Experience occasional bouts of dizziness and when in stressful situation have some degree of chest pains. Lasts more than the full 12 hours for me. I have to wake up at 8 am in order to fall asleep around 1 AM.  Also when I take Vyvanse I notice some degree of hair loss. I feel as if my brain is telling my body to work and as a result my body is working in triple overtime to keep up."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Helped tremendously with motivation, concentration, mid-morning fatigue, and overall feeling of well-being. No direct side-effects other than occasional itchy/burning forearms (which may or may not be attributed to the drug - possibly a pinched nerve in neck.)"
Review of Concerta: "I am 23 years old and have been on Concerta for over 2 years. I can tell you, as all of you have mentioned, that the first initial response my brain had to this medicine is efficiency. I went from not knowing if I could make it through school, to getting myself back into school after a year or so off. I went to college, and started taking Concerta. I had straight As for quite a while. I went from 18 mg, to 27 mg. I have noticed, within the past two years, that my brain has become very used to the drug. I have tried not taking it for a few days, because I don't want to depend on the medicine. However, I do notice after a couple days off of it, that my mind doesn't work at all. I feel like my brain is non-functioning; like I can't do anything."
Review of Adderall: "This drug has been miraculous for me, it helps my fatigue and helps focus and alertness."
Review of Ritalin LA: "Worked great from day one. Unfortunately, does not come in a generic form so can be very expensive. My doctor recently switched me to Methylin ER since it comes in a generic form and is much more affordable.  Sometimes I can't even tell I have taken the Methylin ER, the performance is so sub-standard to the Ritalin LA.  I am starting to think a normal life might just be worth the extra $60 a month my insurance doesn't cover on the Ritalin LA."
Review of Ritalin: "but makes me feel dizzy."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This medication has completely changed my life. Without it I feel like I am not complete. Twisted I feel like I can accomplish anything. Without it I sleep and have no motivation, suffer from depression, anxiety, no social skills. With it my whole social outlook changed, I am no longer shy and not showing away from social encounters. It is definitely a miracle."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "" Having learned i have ADHD,as an adult,i have struggled all my life,and at 46 i feel better being treated with Dexedrine spansules (10mg) 3 times a day. Day by day things are getting better,and now having the resources of services and help throughout my life,is very appreciated.""
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I am 22 years old and never was a bad student throughout school but was always very unfocused when it came to reading comprehension and listening to lectures. I now work for a general physician and she seemed to notice my frustration with not being able to get anything done when there was a lot to do. I would get very aggravated easily and had very bad mood swings. My doctor prescribed me Adderral XR and I waS very hesitant to take it. When I started taking it I felt like I was much calmer, was able to do my job. It's really great me and my husband get along now because I'm not so uptight. It does give me dry mouth and insomnia but I can deal with the no appetite. Overall I think it is great!"
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 17 year old female who was diagnosed with ADD about 9 months ago. I had mainly B and C grades, I was scatter-brained, easily distracted, and extremely messy. Since I started Vyvanse at 30mg, I have bumped up to 40mg and I have no complaints. I have all A and B grades, I can focus on my school work, and get things accomplished in a reasonable amount of time. Only critisicm I have is the fact that is caused me to go from messy to borderline OCD. However, I like cleaning and I see it as a plus side to the medication. As is usual for ADD and ADHD medicines, I experience easy mood swings and sudden out bursts of anger, loss of appetite, and lack of sleep. However, overall I am extremely pleased as a high schooler who was struggling."
Review of Metadate CD: "My son is 7-1/2 and has been taking 20mg of Metadate CD for the past 4 months.  He started a new school this year, private school, and we had high hopes for him to succeed.  But within the first week of school the teacher was already reporting lack of focus and inability to work independently.  So the Doctor recommended a higher dosage.  We had just filled the prescription ($47/month) so I asked if we could simply double the dose instead of a new prescription of 30mg. Doctor was Okay with that so we did it over the weekend.  I saw a major difference at home, he sat in his room and played Lego's for over 3 hours, very focused on it.  But he was so quiet it scared me.  Today will be his first day in the classroom with 40 mg, I hope it works."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I wouldn't use any other type of ADHD medication! Adderall & many of the newer ADHD medications cause agitation & symptoms that make my condition worse. If I didn't use Dexedrine, I wouldn't take medication to treat my ADHD! More people need to educate themselves, on how to treat ADHD. "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I've been on Adderall for about 4 years. I was having an extremely hard time focusing, extreme fatigue, general feeling of being lost and overly emotional and unstable. Adderall was an absolute miracle when I started on it. My trouble paying attention, loss of interest in life, constant sleepiness and emotional swings were gone. It made me genuinely happy and self confident for the first time in my life. "
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I have been on about 100 mg. of dexedrine for over 20 years and it always worked great until a few years ago, when my drug company stopped sending me the TEVA generic. I never had problems with generics before but the Activis brand did nothing for me. I was told that TEVA was made by the same drug manufacturer that makes the name brand so I payed extra for the name brand and that does not appear to be working either. I have been told that TEVA no longer makes dexedrine so I am not sure what I should do. Also, I was told that the FDA no longer allows doses over 60 mg. but I am sure that is true. It could be my insurance company does not want to pay for more than a standard dose."
Review of Strattera: "I would feel focused but always tired and the worst stomach pain for me personally."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am an adult with ADD it has been a struggle my entire life. I am successful but as I moved up the ranks I have much more paper work and schedules to keep which is very hard for me. I have been on lots of different meds which all did not work or had bad side effects. I now take 50mg Vyanse every morning and it is great no side effects after the first 3 days I took it and it helps me stay on task with no evening crash."
Review of Adderall: "Very effective, but very addictive. You may not realize until you stop taking it. What do you do? It helps the condition...but you become dependent on the drug?"
Review of Vyvanse: "I was on Vyvanse for ADD. I started off at 30mg and enjoyed the ability to better focus my attention on tasks and it worked as an appetite suppressant. I increased it to 50mg and that is when my eyes started to become blurry. I decreased it back down to 30mg and I still had blurry eyes at times so I discontinued using the medicine. While using the medicine, I took my Vyvanse in the morning early and then 50mg of Zoloft in the early afternoon. If I took both pills at the same time in the morning I become agitated and felt like EVERYTHING was important and found it hard to concentrate. It was a really weird rush of emotions. If it doesnt make your eyes blurry or make you agitated this is an awesome drug. It started working within a week."
Review of Dexedrine: "I would suggest anyone on this, to stop or take a break once you've noticed your reasoning, memory recall abilities becoming hindered.  Even though I'm happy with the benefits of focus, it's not worth losing your short-term memory.  Overtime, I noticed my math skills declined, followed by my word recall, spelling and now I can't remember stories or study material.  It's extremely debilitating, I'm trying to figure out how to reverse the side effects."
Review of Concerta: "I never knew 54mg each morning could work wonders. No more struggling to pay attention during the day, impulsive outbursts, or late homework."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I started taking this medicine about 2 years ago now. I am on the 40 mg dose and at first everything was great, my grades improved, I could focus in public. But now, my loss of appetite is crazy. I'm 13 and I only weigh 82 lbs. I become very short tempered with my friends and I get annoyed at the littlest things. It also brings my mood way down. When I'm on my medicine I feel depressed and anxious constantly. I still get my a's and b's in school but I don't think it's worth all the side affects."
Review of Vyvanse: "My seven year old son is on it and he is so emotional. One minute he is fine the next he is crying and can't stop. As a mother this is very hard to deal with. I can't help him and he asking why is he feeling this way. I am going to have to stop giving him the medicine."
Review of Vyvanse: "I was previously on Adderall XR before going on Vyvanse. My reason for switching was because I suffer from BED as well, which this drug is basically a miracle drug for. As far as how this drug functions as an ADHD med, I do not think it is as effective as Adderall but it does last for a really long time, which has its pro's and con's. If you take it too late, you will have a hard time sleeping and if you want to go to happy hour or grab a drink that day, because this drug takes anywhere from 9-11 hours to leave your system, you won't be able to feel the effects of alcohol or the effects of the alcohol will all kick in at once Vyvanse leaves your system (be warned). But if you want to get a lot done during the day, its good."
Review of Amphetamine: "Evekeo has been great for the first Time I am doing a lot better in my school and I understand it better. When it comes off its smooth and I don't stay up all night . I use the discount for my prescription and my insurance card and it is not that expensive. But without all of that it definitely will be"
Review of Adderall: "Adderall has made me successful at work.  It allows me to dominate. I am the hardest worker. I only want to work and get ahead, but not socialize."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Strattera has proved to be quite beneficial for my cognitive performance. It has increased my memory, attention and organization of thinking. The side effects I've had have been nausea and trouble sleeping but as I keep taking it in sure it will subside more. I currently take 40 mg and working up to 80 mg."
Review of Strattera: "I definitely noticed a difference while taking Strattera. The symptoms of my ADHD have improved indefinitely. I feel less withdrawn from reality, increased self esteem and better focus. The 25mgs gave me insomnia. With the 40mg I stopped noticing the benefits of Strattera and noticed more of the side effects (dizziness, hot flashes, etc). 60mg seemed to be the most effective for me. But after a week of taking the 60mg, I didn't go a day without nausea. The nausea was so bad that it practically cancelled out the benefits of Strattera. This is just what happened in my case. I would recommend this medication in hopes that the side effects aren't as bad for others."
Review of Vyvanse: "I was always smart, but my career has accelerated rapidly thanks to this drug.  I have the stamina and focus that I just would not have otherwise.  I had trouble  with concentration in college and it wasn't until I started taking vyvanse that I finally was able to complete tasks in a reasonable amount of time.   My GPA went from a 3.3 to a 4.0.  All the positives aside,  I missed the pill today and basically ate the entire house.  Withdrawal effects are Brutal."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "First - diagnosis is mild ADHD. 11 years old. 50mg. Our experience with my son and vyvanse. He was on this medication for approximately 9 months. For the first few weeks, he was sort of hyperfocused and had difficulty with transitioning from a task if he was fixated on it. He transitioned well to middle school and achieved great grades. However, he lost a lot of weight. About 15lbs. He had horrible insomnia. He slowly became very emotional and depressed in the afternoons and evenings. We decided to stop the medication. Within weeks he was back to himself and his doctor advised him to stay off the medication."
Review of Dexedrine: "For me Dexedrine helped get tasks done. I currently 22 year old male. I can focus tremendously in university. Also have a huge increase in libido with my girlfriend so overall can say it's working for me."
Review of Vyvanse: "We couldn't be more pleased with this medication.  My 9 year old son was previously on Concerta and Metadate CD.  Although those medications were effective, Vyvanse has greatly out performed both.  The most significant side effect has been lack of appetite.  We encourage a late meal so that he can make up for what he has missed throughout the day.  His weight seems to be holding steady following an initial weight loss of 6 pounds.  This is a medication worth trying!"
Review of Adderall: "I began talking Adderall about 3 months ago, I was scared to say the least. Many people I talked to advised against taken the ADD meds, instead suggesting naturopathic (?) meds. I wouldn't know where to start! I have suffered from depression since I can remember, started taking meds for that in my early 20s. Looking back at my life as a child into my teens and adult years, there was no doubt in my mind that I also had ADHD. Now 20 years later, I realized it was time to do something about it. Dr started me off at 5mg, then 10mg, up to 20mg now. It's amazing how this stuff works, I can ACTUALLY concentrate AND complete something!! The only complaint I have is that I am a little (more) spacey, could be because I'm a mother of 3 though!!! "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 23 and have tried just about every ADHD medication out there. I've been on Vyvanse for some time now and it's great! I have energy, I can focus at work and school. It lasts the entire day and then some. The only drawback is you won't eat. You'll be hungry your stomach will growl but you can't eat. Sleeping is tough because it's a stimulant so I was put on sleep meds to help. You might have a jittery feeling and increased heart rate at first. It takes about an hour or so to kick in but it's a fantastic medicine. It's also very powerful. All you gotta do is NOT take it past 2pm at absolute LATEST or you'll lie awake forever in bed. Eat prior to ingesting because you won't eat later. It's great, try it!"
Review of Concerta: "I have used a lot of different ADD/ADHD medications. Concerta works okay. It helps my concentration, organization, and memory only a very small amount. But it makes me very tired and moody. Overall, it's not worth it for me and I will be taking Adderall again next month."
Review of Vyvanse: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD when he was in the first grade.  At the advice of his then doctor we did not treat him with any medications.  My son is the sweetest, kindest kid and wanted to please everyone (teachers, parents, etc).  However, he struggled so much with academics and general life organization.  Homework time was a nightmare. By the time he was in 4th grade I broke down and took him to a doctor to try medications because something HAD to change. Vyvance has changed his life for the better. All of his grades went up in a matter of weeks, his homework is completed correctly and neatly before I even get home, and he will even tell you he feels better in general.  He also tried Adderrall but that just made him very hostile."
Review of Adderall XR: "With no medicines I am the world's laziest housekeeper - no kidding.  With Ritalin, I am still that, but I do very well at work.  I tried Adderall because it was cheaper and it didn't help my concentration at work, but I painted the floor and the ENTIRE inside of my house, a complete renovation - needed no sleep, almost at all.  While it's great to be so productive, physically, I have to try something else, because I feel like I'm on full throttle."
Review of Vyvanse: "Works better than any other stimulant medicine I have tried. I have sensitivity to stimulants; it causes bruxism. The bruxism is absent with a 20 mg dose, and minimal with a 30 mg dose. Other Stimulants - I cannot take even the lowest dose without getting the bruxism side-effect to the point I can't stand it. Also, I can't "feel" when it starts working and stops working - which is great. It wears off slowly starting about 7-8 hours after I take it. After 10-11 hours I do not feel it in my system anymore. No Insomnia or "crashing feeling". Weight loss (ok since I am fat) about 25 lbs in 3 months. My only complaint is it makes me want to smoke. I quit smoking a long time ago. I think about wanting to have a cigarette several times a day."
Review of Methylphenidate: "The concerta has been a mixed blessing. Has enabled my youngest to concentrate in class but has caused urinary (urgency) symptoms which the doctor claims are unrelated. I did find a reference to this type of symptom as rare i.e. less than 1% of patients but maybe we are in that category. we will try the 27 mg and if the urinary symptoms stay i will take her off them."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 7 year old son has been on Vyvanse for a little over a month.  We have been well pleased with the overall outcome.  He is now able to focus in school and actually sits down and completes his homework without argument. Much calmer in public, unlike before.  Downside, he has lost 4 pounds in a month and becomes very emotional if taken off for the weekend and put back on.  After 1 1/2 months, my son now has developed eye tics.  We have stopped the medication and the eye tics are beginning to subside."
Review of Focalin: "My son started Focalin 10mg about 3 weeks ago. He does great in school but I have noticed when Focalin wears off his moods explode. He gets aggravated  at the drop of a pin. He has also told me his stomach hurts all the time."
Review of Vyvanse: "It is magic"
Review of Methylphenidate: "Was diagnosed as a child with ADD Inattentive. Doctors didn't see the need for drug therapy.  Throughout middle and high school I struggled, and struggled, and struggled.  Couldn't pay attention to any of the material, always looking out the windows,tapping pencils, passing notes. Thiscontined through my first go at college, which I experienced the same set of problems. 10 years after...I had ENOUGH. I found a great Psychiatrist that held my belief that I really had a neurotransmitter imbalance and my life wasnt running at even 70%  After trying a small galaxy of stimulant prescriptions, Concerta changed my life. Straight A student,  i have the drive, focus, willpower and clarity to get stuff done. My confidence level is at "God" level."
Review of Strattera: "I'm a 18 year old female and I started taking 80mg strattera for ADD and honestly didn't see much to any improvement, I couldn't focus any better than I could before . I became so unmotivated I didn't even want to get out of bed anymore. It calmed me down defiantly and relieved my anxiety 100% but it made me so 'for lack of a better word' depressed. And when I would forget to take it or couldn't get to the pharmacy to refill the prescription for a couple days I would get these massive headaches that hurt so bad I could've cried. Overall I think it just didn't work for me"
Review of Atomoxetine: "My son was diagnosed with Autism, however he has symptoms of ADHD but is not. The ADHD meds. just made things worse for him so the Dr. gave me Strattera to try 10mg and it helped, I kept wondering why he could take this but not other ADHD meds. his pediatrician told me it is an antidepressant that was discovered to have a calming effect, and if it makes him tired take it at bedtime. It is very expensive but helps we have not been able to increase the dose, but kids on the spectrum are difficult to medicate."
Review of Amphetamine: "Do not take this! It caused my 8 yrs old grave mental issues!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "It has been 4 months and I have to say it has made a hug difference for me!! I am focusing more, doing better at my current job.  I also feel a certain confidence in my interactions and with interviewing. The thought/words come to me quicker."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "It was like a light bulb went on in my brain."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I knew I was different when I went to school. Being an only child I was very loved and cared for. I lived for the attention in kindergarten I knew I was not like everyone else it took me longer to learn things than others I wouldn't listen fully to instructions. I was so eager to please I fell over myself trying to prove things to be accepted I was outgoing and a class clown my mother always got notes home about me things like she doesn't sit still gets out of her seat talk talk talk I'm grown and my mother has passed away. My best friend therapist has shown me PTSD and ADHD, now I know who I am now."
Review of Adderall XR: "Wellbutrin did nothing for me and Strattera caused erectile dysfunction and significant sleep disorders.  My doctor slowly increased my Adderall XR dosage until I hit the "sweet spot" which was 30mg for me.  40mg made me a little jittery and anxious.  In the correct dosage Adderall has improved my quality of life with no side effects.  I should note that if I miss a day I am fine but any longer without it and I become lethargic - so remember to refill your prescription as soon as you can so you don't run out.  I take the generic of this drug and it works great."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I see a lot of people bad mouth this medication. It works extremely well for me, and I responded within just a few days. My psych doc says he has a number of patients that this med worked well for as well. It is also an effective antidepressant for me. Just my experience."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Before Vyvance I had tried many other medications. It helped me quickly, I realized that I actually liked school and learning. Within weeks I went from failing to honors. But now that I'm older I realize that it alters my personality and my mood alot. And I find that when I dont have it I tend to feel like I am incapable of completing simple task."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Diagnosed with ADHD at 53. Who knew there was a reason for my quirky personality.  Tried Stattera and slept 15-18 hours a day, was switched to Ritalin and thought this was it. I really like how I feel, calm, focused.  My friends noticed. I did great for a couple of weeks and then became extremely impulsive and inappropriate.  I was focused, but on warp speed.  I gained 10 lbs in a week, because I could not stop eating once I started, I went on shopping sprees, driving jags, blurted out without the think before you speak button.  Once I started a task I had to finish, my kids were late to school, you get the picture.  This was definitely not the drug for me.  I stopped taking it a couple of days ago, I am still feeling the effect."
Review of Strattera: "I have been on Strattera for 4 months. I still find myself procrastinating a lot. I never eat, I lost 7 pounds the first week I was on it. Doctor then gave me Adderal. I find it way better except the fact it keeps you up all night."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I LOVE this, wish they had higher doses. I am way more effective and way more responsive at work and at home. I was worried about being dependent on it but it gave me my life back, plus I'm now sleeping better and feeling more rested."
Review of Concerta: "I started to take Concerta in 2010. I see a difference about my school behavior. My teachers think that I have improved at school."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My son was so hyper that he couldn't even sit still to eat.  I would like to respond to the person who questioned her thin 6 year old being put on this medicine.  My son was actually able to put on some weight as he was able to focus and finish his meals.  Within a year he was at a normal weight for his height.  My son's doctor was able to explain that people with ADD or ADHD do not abuse this drug because it has the opposite affect on them than people without the disorder."
Review of Methylphenidate: "First couple of days it was working well then I started noticing mood swing, insomnia, anxiety, anger, agitation on top of that lack of energy and a sore throat. It's ok but not worth all these side effects."
Review of Concerta: "it's a lot more mild than Ritalin and more effective than Focalin. The only problem i have with it would be weight loss (i'm 5'2" and only 100 lbs) and sometimes i can't react as quickly as i would without the medication. weird, but an awesome drug for any adhd or add college student. It instantly gets rid of fidgeting and you'll be able to listen and focus to the most boring lecture imaginable (and learn from it!)."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm 47 years old never did good in school but managed. My wife has been saying I am ADD and spoke to my doctor about it so after a few months of office visits, I go monthly he said he's been watching my responses and wrote me Vyvanse 30mgs. All I can say is WOW finally everything makes sense I get things done no late afternoon crash its fantastic !! I have social anxiety very bad and this miracle drug took it all away !! I'm on my second month and higher dose just to 40mgs and its perfect !! I actually hugged my doctor on the following visit and thanked him for finally turning my light switch on ! I can't say enough about this miracle drug Vyvanse !! Now I can look forward to a new day instead of dreading having to get out of bed !"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was just prescribed Amphetamine/dextroamphetamine r 351 20 mg for ADD, the first day I took it at 11 am yesterday I felt extremely tense and uncomfortable the exact opposite of what I thought it was going to be then at about 12 am I had a very bad headache couldn't go to sleep until 4 am woke up and took half and just felt out of it all day no energy no increased focus  I was just wondering if anyone else is on the same drug ??? because all pictures of this drug online look orange and pink and blue which is kind of strange because I got it from a clinic not a regular doctors office . I don't even know if i want to take it tomorrow because of the negative side affects feeling kind of hopeless at this point hopefully someone has some info."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Ok this is where i am after two weeks. I'm turning 54 one of these days, Managing Director of my company and self diagnosed with ADHD about a month ago. I matched ALL the criteria. Went to see a doctor and he confirmed my suspicions. I relayed my struggles with studies at University and he referred to me attaining two degrees a 'miracle, I cannot begin to explain how difficult studying was not to mention having to sit through hours of lectures. There was no - and I stress - NO filter between my brain.mind and my mouth. Anger,profanity and impulse behavior was only curbed by my life-long ability to be able to fall asleep anywhere, anytime. Imagine an alien being in charge for 53 years. It's all gone. Why did no one help me with this before?"
Review of Methylphenidate: "My current dosage to treat ADHD and depression is 37 mg slow release twice daily, morning and noon.Although the medicine does not completely relieve my ADD behavior (distraction, sillyness, loud speaking, impulsive acts, lack of sustained focus, poor listening skills) it does permit my mind to focus better and to self regulate my actions. I am also doing therapy and my wife spends a great deal of her considerable intelligence and thoughtfulness to improving my mental health and in consequence, our married life.The medication certainly helps to motivate for work, meeting and talking with people, and generally feeling a sense of my ability to function."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This drug completely ruined my life.  I started taking the drug when I was 12..till about 25. Everything I have done academically has been due to adderall. I have a degree in I/T and am working on a civil eng. masters degree. Don't get it confused, you can be fine for a year or even years on this drug..but it will catch up to you. After I quit taking itI  was back to a 12 year old academically and professional performance wise. It made my real ADHD 10x worse w/o the drug and gave me crippling anxiety. I quit taking it and developed a cocaine problem then a drinking problem that almost killed me. I attribute each of these addictions to being on legal speed for 13 years..It's speed - there is  no way around it."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My daughter is 17 and has been taking vyvanse for 3 weeks. All I can say is "wow"  her GPA has went up 1 point!!! her main problem was taking tests...she could not concentrate at all !!! homework was ok but work at school was terrible ...now she scores 85 % and up in all her classes . Sha actually enjoys schools , her self esteem grew (she always thought she was not as smart as other kids). I dont know if thats how it will work all the time but so far it has been great ! She has some appettite loss especially during the day but it has been coming back slowly and she started to eat more normal.  She does not take the mediciane on weekends unless she studies. I dont see any other side affects besides loss of appetite."
Review of Guanfacine: "I am a 24 year old male with ADHD, high functioning ADD as well as impulse control issues. I've only been on this medication for a few weeks now, but I can feel a strong difference in my ability to make decisions and keep a steady train of focus in everyday tasks. I am noticing however, from these other experiences, that Guanfacine ER is not a medication for young children. I take 1mg every morning when I wake up. Makes me a tad tired for the first hour or so, but after that, if I make my mind up to do something, I stick with it. I don't feel like I have no control over myself anymore. I highly recommend this more to adults 20-30. Seems to be more effective in that age range. But then again, I'm not a doctor. "
Review of Adderall: "I am almost 50 yr old female just, diagnosed with ADD/ADHD. In elementary school super bright but would finish my work quickly and disrupt the rest of the class.  I was never considered hyper just a little "naughty" and disrupted.  Now looking back as things in my life have become more disruptive as I age.  Couldn't hold a job lately, drink too much etc.  I have the Adderral now and that's great. However, when I read about it not working or it becomes less effective, I get nervous because I don't want to be that disruptive unemployable person.  I met a Doctor who has ADD as well.  He found that simple blood hormone test and restoring your levels can assist in using less medication, making the medication more effective and less side effects."
Review of Concerta: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 6. I was extremely against trying medications, but after an extremely difficult kindergarten and start of first grade, I decided that it was worth looking into. My son was miserable, and it broke my heart to see him coming home everyday in tears. We tried a variety of behavioral interventions, but nothing worked and my son was not happy. We decided, based on a friend's advice (her daughter had success with concerta) to give it a shot. OMG! It was like night and day! Slight decrease in appetite initially, but other than that, it's been a godsend. Wishing all you parents the same success we had!!!!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been taking it for 7 years and it turned my life around. I am severely dyslexic and have ADD and am on 30mg to 40mg a day. However, as of recent it has started making me slightly disorientated and even slightly sleepy, and my thoughts come faster than I speak (used to happen before I started taking Ritalin with my dyslexia) but it feels worse. I just started interning at an Ad company so not the best of times! "
Review of Concerta: "my son has been taking concerta at varying mg's for the past 6 years. He has experienced increased heart palpatations at night for the past year.  Cardiologist and ADD doctor state that its anxiety related. Rx has worked well for years. Unfortunately, i think its time to rethink the prescription as he enters his preteen years."
Review of Strattera: "I am starting on a low dose as I was given a stimulant type at first, which made me feel sick and stopped me sleeping. So now I am on Atomxetine but just a low dose as I seem to suffer badly with side effects. At my recent assessment, the doc told me to increase dose to 40mg, then 80, but I decided to start on 20 mg, then 40 second week. Only I am finding I can't sleep so I am going to try to take about 2 hours before bedtime, see if that helps. Not sure what to do if these don't work ...Any advice would be grateful, thanks"
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Sometimes you feel extra weird and jittery and sometimes you feel super super comfident like me right now"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "In England my mother took me to the doctor and being a nurse herself knew I had ADHD.  The doctors wanted to put me on Ritalin but my mother said no, I would grow out of it eventually. In the US my attention from high school through college became worse, and I got into a lot of trouble. My grades were horrible in high school through college, even work. I had to take classes two to three times over again. The only way I would remember daily things was to write it down.  Now at 41, I got help, and I am able to focus, complete tasks, remember without asking ten times, and sit still.  It's never too late for help.  Just wish I would of done this 35 years ago. My anger has subsided also with no side effects."
Review of Methamphetamine: "Hopefully I ve found Desoxyn and my Doctor started directly with high doses of 70 mg a day, my ADHD is totally gone, no more depression, I totally stopped smoking, I can have sex again, no more stress, no more turning around and around in a room, no more shaking my legs all day long, I can finally concentrate on  a task that I enjoy, I'm able to finally organise my  life, I clean my flat and I can work, no more brain hyperactivity. I've  also  tried before Ritalin, Dexedrine, Aderrall and Vyvanse, none helped me  my ADHD disorder.  Finally I know actually that I can live a happy Life, thats possible with DESOXYN70MG/DAY"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 39 yo woman, diagnosed with ADHD, inattentive type, this past summer, about three days after my son was diagnosed ADHD.  After a consultation with a psychopharmacologist, I started taking Vyvanse about three months ago.  I also take 100 mg of Neurontin 3x daily, which keeps any anxiety issues I may have (an issue that can be magnified by the Vyvanse) at bay.  I couldn't be happier with the Vyvanse--started at 30 mg and am now at 50.   Realizing that I had ADD changed my life--suddenly, my difficulties all made sense!  The pill isn't magic--but taking it daily has given me the ability to use the tools I knew I should use and couldn't before (things like a calendar, or my checkbook register, or a budget, or a watch...)."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I was on Adderall and that worked amazingly!! But I was paranoid and depressed which effected me so much I had to switch. I switched to strattera and it helped! Then it started to not make a difference so I got upped to 100mgs. I have to eat right after or else I become very ill(nauseous)."
Review of Adderall: "This has helped me a lot, but I have a couple tips. There are different brands that people will react differently to (I thought they would all act the same but no). I had a bad reaction with the first generic brand I tried, tried a different generic brand, and had a better experience. So look into that because not everyone believes that there's such a difference between different brands but to me there was. Second, I'm overweight and thought "decreased appetite? good!" but I would advise to still make sure you're eating frequently enough. Food has such an impact on brain functioning so not eating for 6 hours because you didn't feel like it is a bad habit to start! Once I got those slight issues settled, this drug really helped.Just be smart"
Review of Vyvanse: "My son who is nine was just started on Vyvanse for ADD. He was not hyperactive just couldn't focus.  We struggled with from preschool to third grade. Held him back in first that helped a little. Then third grade about killed him. Medications were my last resort. Scared me to death to put him on medicines, 100% difference. Teacher said it was like a fog lifted. I'm like wow. Decreased appetite only side affect. But not bad."
Review of Concerta: "Concerta has saved my life and I am doing great in school. I just got my progress report and I got a 3.8"
Review of Strattera: "I'm a 24 year old female who was prescribed strattera and Ciprolex combined. I have been diagnosed as ADHD and mild depression. I was on Ciprolex for a number of years before strattera and had no side effects but when I started taking Strattera within 2 days I had heart palpitations, dizziness, sleepiness and nausea. I stayed on the medication because I could not focus on even the most basic of tasks so I dealt with these side effects. After a year I started to feel great!! So I weaned myself off and within 2 months I became such an angry, depressed and filled with anxiety over nothing. Anxiety to the point where I thought I was going to be sick. So now I'm stuck dealing with these pills or be worse than before."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have tried every AD(H)D pill known so far. I started in grade 4 and went off them in grade 7. I am weird as far as medicine goes and it never worked as intended, side effects for other pills were things such as no free will, not remembering anything that I did for 3 years, no control of self awareness or recollection of my actions, fainting or passing out without warning. I went off the pills in grade 7 due to mental and physical health issues and concerns. Decided to take the pills again because I need them to graduate, started on Vyvasne. It is 1000X times better than any other pill that I have tried over the years. Biggest problems is lack of appetite (went 26 hours without eating without realizing it) started on 80MG by mistake."
Review of Adderall: "Works well to reduce symptoms of ADHD."
Review of Strattera: "I wanted to do an updated review on this medication. I am in my 9th month of taking it, and, before Obama Care I ran out a few times, and the effects were very noticeable. Even though it is not supposed to have classic SSRI withdrawal symptoms, I still had severe brain zaps. I have my script filled and I am back on it. I am such a better worker, listener and planner on this medication. I am a better version of myself. Love it! I take 40mg a day, 60mg was too much.  I am 160lbs tall female 34 yo."
Review of Desoxyn: "I've been taking desoxyn for 6 yrs now for ADHD and TRD (treatment resistant depression). Before this I had been mostly bed bound for nearly twenty years due to severe depression until I switched pdocs.  I am SO glad I did! Now when I wake up in the morning I have hope, and now I am actually happy to be alive.  Long ago I tried ritalin, but had only bad effects.  I'm no longer a burden to my family! The day I started it was like a switch turned on and life turned around. I graduate from college soon and even have a fiance and friends. Unbelievable! I tried so many things (inc ECT) before this drug and can't understand why this wasn't tried FIRST? If you have been suffering like me beg your doctor for this.  I hope this helps someone."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 23 year old female. My entire life I have tested highly, been in advanced classes, had a full scholarship through college, but my grades were always a struggle. I felt like I had to work so much harder than everyone else just to keep my B grades. I was disorganized, forgetful, irritable, and pretty desolate. I felt like I was drowning.I have taken medication for depression and anxiety since I was in high school - everything from Wellbutrin, to Xanax, to Prozac. I graduated from college in four years with a mediocre GPA, but with many awards. Finally my new doctor actually listened when I spoke, and she agreed that we try a course of medication for ADHD. I am on my second week of Vyvanse and am a new, happy, functioning person."
Review of Concerta: "My son has been on Concerta for about 4 years now. He started when he was 6 yrs and will be 11yrs in 2 weeks. He was put on this medicine starting with 18mg. Over time he was gradually put on higher dose as his age and weight increased. He is now on 54mg. Since my son has been on this medicine he has developed seizures because Concerta lowers the seizure threshold. He was diagnosed last year 2010. He has paranoia, fearfulness, psychosis, headaches, nervousness, aggression, mood swings, trouble going to sleep, and doesn't want to eat a lot. He has had suicidal thoughts and depression."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I'm an adult who has taken this off and on for 4 years.  I've always had trouble concentrating and Focalin is an effective fix.  I do think there are minor side-effects though.  It makes me feel much more focused and less worried/panicked about what I need to do.  Unlike other though I would not say it calms me down I feel like it actually stresses me out more.  When I take this I'm more serious and easily annoyed and I can't relax.  I have also found that my appetite drops off and that I don't sleep very deeply.Overall a great medicine but for me and many ADHD people our symptoms are brought out due to simply a lack of strenuous physical exercise (1hr) every day.  When on a regular exercise and sleep schedule I do not need it."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I always knew I was different from everyone else. I was very quiet and shy. But in my mind I couldn't shut up. My mind was loud. In class I could never stop fidgeting, playing with my hair, scratching an itch, doodling on notebooks. I wondered why nobody else squirmed around like me. At 24 I was diagnosed with ADD. Adderall is life changing. I'm finally normal. I feel like everyone else. My mind is at ease. I am in charge of my thoughts. I can have genuine conversations with people without my mind wondering. I am finally happy after years of struggles. I am organized and more peaceful. "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I take the extended release once a day. I recently got a dose increase for my extreme fatigue. It has been about 3 weeks and I do not like the symptoms that occur with it. I feel like a zombie, I don't enjoy talking when I am on my medicine, I get extremely bad frequent headaches, I am even more tired when it wears off but I am unable to sleep, I get really irritable and moody. With the lower dose the main problematic symptom I would have was the dry mouth, but that was manageable."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Vyvanse has changed my life, for the better. It gives me the motivation and confidence I need to complete tasks that otherwise would be daunting and unappealing. Talk to your doctor first to make sure you actually would benefit from it. The only down side is how expensive it can get if you're not covered."
Review of Adderall: "It's great grades came up from straight F's to B & C's."
Review of Strattera: "In the 6th grade I missed two consecutive days, then took my pill as I would any other day. Throughout the day I felt terrible and eventually I went to the nurse. She took my heart rate and said it would've been okay if I had just sprinted a mile, but I had been sitting in class. She checked again 10 minutes later and my heart rate was slower than it should have been at a resting state. She called my parents and I went to the doctor immediately. I had to be hooked up to machines and monitored. The nurse said I was lucky not to have a heart attack that day. I've been scared of Stratera/Adderall/Ritalin ever since."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "First drug I started taking for ADD a month ago. Took the 20 mg and it felt too intense and had a ton of side effects, but after 3-5 days, was tolerable but still suffered from really bad headaches and dry mouth all day. 2 weeks later, headaches finally stopped, but dry mouth was horrible, must have drank a gallon of water or more a day and had to have candy or gum all the time. But, I could tell I was a little more productive at work. At night, I would catch myself daydreaming worse than before and wondered if I was worse without it. I felt it basically replaced my coffee and then some, but the dry mouth wasn't worth it. I am now going to start taking Wellbutrin since I am a little depressed too and that drug is supposed to help with both."
Review of Strattera: "This drug does help me calm down and focus (it also really helped me with my anxiety) but the side effects of vomiting, feeling like I don't care about the world and my head is squished in, and ultimately my inability to stay awake throughout the day left me asking my doctor for a change of medication. For reference, this was my first medication used to manage my adult ADHD and I started on one pill for three days and was moved up to two and these side effects worsened with two pills."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been taking Vyvanse on and off for a little over 2 years. I am currently taking 70mg. It really helps me focus and multi-task at work. It also has helped with my anxiety and I am able to tackle things that normally I would try to stay away from doing because of my anxiety. I usually take it during the weekdays and not take it on the weekends because I can go 10 to 12 hours without eating and barely having anything to drink because my appetite is not there. I've lost 95 pounds since taking Vyvanse. It also has made my libido go through the roof. There's an upside and downside to the medication. Overall, it has helped more than it has hurt but there are negatives and positives."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have mixed feelings on Ritalin I am 16 years old Diagnosed with Aspergers syndrome and ADD. I started taking 20mg in the morning, After about 10 minutes I would start feeling it, i felt full of energy and moderately euphoric. I don't know if this is a "Normal" reaction but it would make me feel almost manic like. But all in all the effects were  helpful! When I would usually just sit on my computer the Ritalin somehow made work enjoyable. I hated math but when on Ritalin and in school it was interesting even fun! it made everything feel positive and perfect. The reason I don't give it a 10 is because it only lasts for 3-4 hours. The comedown from this drug is quite terrible. And it gave me some annoying tics."
Review of Vyvanse: "I refused ADD/ADHD medications my entire life until I was 21 years old and doctor finally convinced me to try it. After struggling academically for years and years, now as a college student I am receiving near perfect grades in every course. Before Vyvanse, I thought these medications were a joke, but I now admit that I was wrong."
Review of Focalin: "I put my 6 yr old on this, 5mgs about 2 weeks ago. He is at school the whole time he is on it. He takes it at 7 am and by 4 when he gets home he is back to his hyper self. I can tell a little bit of difference though. Hhe has no reactions that I can tell."
Review of Strattera: "Strattera helped my ADD very little and suppressed my appetite and I lost all ability to sleep even though I was always tired."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Parents putting there kids on this stuff, yikes, man I just feel bad for your poor child. You realize you're giving them pure amphetamine right? I would avoid taking amphetamines until your brain has finished developing. Age 21-25. It's just absurd that something like Vyanse is prescribed to children. That said, for adults, this stuff is wondrous. Has changed my life. I've been taking 60mg Vyvanse for 3yrs straight with zero issues. Zero break.  Zero tolerance. I'm 32. Male. I've literally tried it all (Dex, Desoxyn, Addie, Provigil) & nothing comes close Vyvanse! If you truly have ADHD as an adult, this drug will alter your life in such a positive way! Adults only though!!! Common parents, you're totally screwing your kids over."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I am a 27 year old male, on this drug for 3 weeks so I can't really comment on it's efficacy, as it takes 2-4 weeks to start working. All I can say is it didn't help me. I took 40mg for 7 days, then went up to 80mg for 2 weeks. I had to stop taking it because of the side effects - I was getting severe irritability to the point where I was yelling at the top of my lungs at people for minor mistakes and generally grumpy. Based on this and other side effects - needing to urinate far more regularly than usual, heart palpitations, feeling down for no good reason and insomnia - my doctor decided it wasn't right for me.This is a rare reaction which is unlikely to happen to you, but if you get it, tell your doctor."
Review of Wellbutrin XL: "I'M bipolar and ADHD. I took Tegretol and Effexor for 8 years. It worked for me but it was a death embrace. Cognitive functions related to attention willpower  judgement declined. Read about lithiums neuroprotective properties and switched, which is working out for me. I added Wellbutrin 300 XL for the ADHD  3 weeks ago and so far it has increased my depression, it might be settling down though, I seem to be getting better. This has to work. These are bad days. Wish I had taken Lithium 10 years ago it has also helped with the ADHD."
Review of Atomoxetine: "This Drug does not work period!  Causes severe depression and unwanted thoughts in almost everyone I know who has taken this drug.  Try finding a real person that takes Strattera that says it helps them with their ADHD or ADD."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 9 yr old son started vyvanse two weeks ago (lowest dosage) and we saw positive results right away.  In addition to ADHD he has a writing disorder and will literally sit and stare at his paper for hours because he can't get his thoughts written out.  The first day he tried vyvanse he took it in the morning and then came home from school and without being asked he finished his book (25 pages) and then sat down and wrote a 2.5 page book report!  I have not noticed a change in his appetite and he has only experienced some minor sleep issues but it does not seem to really bother him.  Testing has shown my son to be highly intelligent but his grades do not reflect that - I finally have hope that he can reach his potential!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "Hi, I'm from the UK. I have been taking  atomoxetine for roughly 5 months for my ADD which was diagnosed late. The medication had been ok. Recently it's impact on me has started to reduce. I feel that I am able to continue with tasks but am unable to apply focus on to the task. In other words I feel able to continue doing a thing but the quality of my effort seems diluted (beyond help). This is frustrating because I have to repeat things several times (such as reading things for my Masters degree). It has more or less ended other symptoms such as daydreaming, inability to continue at things, sleep problems, memory issues (though this to a smaller extent over time).I am going to get it changed though it works for some better than others."
Review of Methylphenidate: "This medication does nothing for me. I still can't concentrate or remember much. I am taking 60mg(12ml) daily. I have read a lot of positive reviews for Dexedrine and will be asking for it."
Review of Ritalin: "my 8 year old DAUGHTER is on ritalin at the moment we find she is getting migrane headaches, she hast lost 3kgs due to lack of appetite and she is very emotonal coming off it and she doesnt sleep much. On the other side of things she has shown a large improvement at school with her concerntration going from the bottom of the class to the top of the class in just 3 months"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I recently was diagnosed with ADHD and was started on 20 mg. The first day  I took it I felt great! I was energized and motivated. I did have trouble sleeping but that ended after the first week. I will warn you about the side effects because those hit me pretty hard. I had headaches daily, fast heart rate, dizziness, and blurry vision. That lasted about 2 weeks and eventually passed although I still had the fast heart rate. It decreased my appetite because I was no longer snacking and was getting full a lot faster. After about 3 weeks I noticed that the "good feeling" was gone and I felt a crash throughout the day like I had no energy.  My doctor just prescribed me 30mg and I'm on day 3."
Review of Vyvanse: "It works, very well in fact, but I am getting really annoying side effects. Dry mouth, stomach pains, on the first day I take it, after it completely gets out of my system, I usually get headaches. I also barely eat, instead of eating about 3 steaks, I can only eat half a steak. Most peoples' side effects aren't as bad as mine, though."
Review of Metadate CD: "My 9yr old son has been on it Metadate 20mg for over a year now. Only side effect is lost of appetite so I make him eat a big breakfast. He only takes it on the week days for school it has really helped him to focus. My sons grade improved from 60's to 90's. I like Metadate because by the time he's out from school the medication has warn off and he's back to his normal active self. During the summer I also give him a break from the med and we do not have to tapper off in order for him to stop. We've tried other medications that which had not so good side effects. Metadate so far is the best."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My son only started Strattera this week.  The first day his stomach was upset.  Then we started taking it at night.  It was mush better.  I dont know if it is going to work but he says that he is feeling better already."
Review of Dextrostat: "I use Dextrostat for adult ADHD and have found it to be very effective in controlling my symptoms without any adverse effects."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 20 years old and have been on Vyvanse 50mg for about 4 months now. I find this medication has helped me a lot. I've tried others but nothing can compare to this. I never finished high school but since I started taking Vyvanse I have switched my life around. I started school and am making high marks. This medication has changed my life for the better."
Review of Ritalin: "I found Ritalin increased my alertness and concentration. I rate Ritalin 2/10 as I find it increased my depression, from which point I stopped taking. Unsure whether the Ritalin interacted negatively with my usual small dose antidepressant Cymbalta or if increased depression is an unreported side effect."
Review of Adderall XR: "I have been taking Adderall XR 30mg for about 7 months now and I am starting to get concerned. I started out with 20mg, but was still very impulsive, so upped the dose to 30mg. I can focus and listen really well, but I am noticing increasing negative effects. I noticed dizziness right away, but this improved after a few weeks. Then I started to notice myself constantly stumbling over words when talking. I have NEVER had that problem before. I began to get headaches every day about two months ago and it is getting worse daily. That's a big concern to me because amphetamines are bad for the liver and kidneys as it is, and now I HAVE to take increasing doses of ibuprofen just to "take the edge off" of the headaches. "
Review of Vyvanse: "My son is currently 19 and was diagnosed with ADD when he was 8. He has been on many different medications with Adderall XR being the most recent. When he was in 10th grade the panic and anxiety attacks became so severe that we had to take him off Adderall. He has been taking Vyvanse (70mg)for about 2 years and really likes this medication. He does take himself off in summer for a break. Only side effect we've noticed is high blood pressure which we keep a close eye on. He likes this medicine, the best and really has helped with focus."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I had been on Strattera for 8 years. It did great but within last year things seemed to change. I thought it wasn't working due to my memory and concentration but now being off for about a month realize it was doing a lot. I am now having headaches lack of motivation loosing temper easily etc. My family and friends see a significant change in my behavior. (Negative change). Concentration and focus have always been an issue on and off medicine so I just have to work harder with it. Also realize it takes more than this medicine to really have success."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Such an amazing contribution to the pharmaceutical world. So much better than its ugly step sisters, such as Ritalin and Vyvanse. Adderall steals the show every time. 30mg/day does the trick. Been on it for 12 years, I've taken personal breaks for tolerance. I've never had any type of "withdrawal" or "come downs" at the end of the day. This drug has the ability to put me to sleep when I take it, honestly; and that's because my dissociation (caused by my ADHD) causes my anxiety to skyrocket. But when I take my adderall, I am able to focus on reality, making my anxiety disappear for a few hours. Calms me  down. Relief is a blessing."
Review of Concerta: "I was diagnosed with ADHD a little less than a year ago at the age of 12. At first, I loved it because it helped me get so much work done and I stopped getting in trouble and annoying people. After about one month I started realizing that I wasn't eating because the medicine was destroying my appetite, and I liked it. I started using the drug more for weight loss than anything and I went from a happy, bubbly 115 lbs to a lifeless 95 lbs. at 5ft8in, that's severely underweight and unhealthy. I kept taking the medicine but I became increasingly more depressed and anxious. I was an outcast but I was too obsessed with losing weight to care. After the school year finished, I took a break from the medicine and I am now a happy, healthy 13yr old."
Review of Strattera: "Recently diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 22, and am a full time college student with difficulties getting my responsibilities and homework assignments done. Started on 40mg once a day with instructions to bump up to twice a day after 3 days if I needed. I refused to bump up because of the crappy effects. I know some people have had great results with this drug, but I was not one of them. The only positive thing I noticed was the ability to tune out outside noises and distractors, but those distractions your own head puts out are still there. Side effects: complete revulsion to food, sluggish and lethargic, lack of motivation or enthusiasm, and EXTREME irritability. By the 5th day, I refused to take it."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I ALWAYS check prior to leaving pharmacy because generic  Adderall vary so much.Round and peach it was, just like my other ROUND AND PEACH 15mgNO, NO VERY MISLEADING!The light round and peach give me a horrendous headache, and my stomach hurts all day long!I believe some are sugar based/and some salt?These are awful!I'm going on vacation, and also working on a federal lawsuit, and I'm tired, w a massive headache!I called my doctor, also the pharmacy CVS and nothing until next month!I'm on a time frame w my lawsuit and am furious about what I feel was VERY MISLEADING!If it is the same manufacturer with a different formula they should change the description/color, it's not them feeling awful for 30 days! UGH!"
Review of Cylert: "This was my best ADHD med by far. My doctor quit prescribing it when the liver problems emerged years ago. I didn't know it was still available. Hmmm."
Review of Adderall XR: "I find that with Adderall XR everything has improved. I am diagnosed with ADHD, OCD, Bipolar mixed cycling, and anxiety {GAD}. Before I would stay in bed for three weeks straight because I had no energy. With Adderall XR I am able to function. Recently I have lost my pill bottle (a real downside to being adhd - you loose things), and I am not looking forward to sitting through more classes without it. I think I've finally found the right dose - 30 MG once a day in the morning seems to work for me. I just cannot have any type of eggs. I notice, however, that this makes me feel a million times better. I've noticed a little weight loss but not much."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My 7.5 year old son has been taking 10mg Focalin for nearly a year.  Immediately it was a "miracle" for us.  He had good behavior marks in school, could finish his work and we were getting along better at home too.  About a month ago it seemed like maybe he had outgrown his dose, we upped it to 15mg.  Immediately again, great results.  But, we spent 4 hours in the ER tonight getting 2 EKGs & xrays because of his chest pains and irregular heartbeat.  Final diagnosis: stop taking Focalin.  As much as I loved the behavior and focus improvements he had from the drug, I love him more and can't risk damaging his heart."
Review of Dexedrine: "I have been on Dexedrine XR 2 15mg in morning for 19 years and I don't know what I wound do without it. When I go a day with it I just can't seem to get my everyday living done I feel scatter brain my thoughts don't make sense some time and I feel like my brain cant keep up with itself and that is no way to live. I'm so thankful for this medicine because without I don't know where I would be in life. "
Review of Quillivant XR: "My 4yr old son has Autism/ADHD/OCD. After coming off of Risperidone my sons' Neurologist wanted to try my son on Quillivant XR. Our Pharmacy had to special order this med due to there was nobody else in this county that takes it. The 1st dose of this med that my son took he went WILD!!! He got violent with us, and just refused to eat ANYTHING, he was also up for 22hr straight! He only had 2 doses of this med (day 1 & 2) then I had to call his Dr and to have him taken off the med. We ended up going back on Risperidone and Guanfacine. Once I stopped giving my son the Quillivant XR med he started acting like his old self again."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I wanted to update about my medication.  I am now 20 mg.  of Ritalin twice daily and 50 mg.  of Zoloft generic once daily.  Having suffered bipolar depression, PTSD, ADD/ADHD throughout different periods throughout my life.  I also Borderline/Mild General Learning Disability a labeling in terms that is least offensive to Mild Mental Retardation or Borderline/Mild Intellectual Disability.  In my case the GLD is extremely least severe in slightest degree.  Ritalin actually works very well for me while Zoloft treats the anxiety, depression, and some mild obsessive compulsive behavioral thoughts but nothing extreme severe or seriousness.  In some people depending DNA, generics how medication effects the individual might be very different, etc."
Review of Adderall: "I'm 14 years old, and I've been on Adderall for 4 weeks now and I've experienced some side effects.  one of them would be loss of appetite especially in the morning and around lunch.  I've already gone from being 117 to 111.  That's not natural, my friend has the same problem too. I prefer Adderall though because my doctor told me that Vyvanse lasts for 12 hours and if you take it at 12 or 1 on the weekends, then you can't sleep till 12 or 1 in the morning. Adderall doesn't cause insomnia if you take it at 12 because it only lasts for 4-8 hours. Adderall really helps me pay attention in school, which is why I'm not failing out of my "College prep school". Totally recommend Adderall 100%."
Review of Atomoxetine: "For the first night in I can't tell you how long, I am processing one thought at a time. I am calm instead of frienzied. My normal 20 thoughts all playing at the same time are gone and I'm not sure what to do with the calm. This may take a few days to adjust, but I am at peace right now that has been sorely lacking."
Review of Strattera: "Struggled with life at home, at work, with relationships. I have never taken stimulants, and I had anxiety and ADHD. Straterra has changed my life. Anxiety - goneAttention - noticeably improved.This is a medication you have to be patient with.  1st 2 weeks - felt like I was going to pass out of pure exhaustion, constipation, felt zero improvement (40mg.)3rd week - anxiety amazingly disappeared  (60mg.). - Realized my confusion was in fact anxiety  (not lack of intelligence). - Job performance - started seeing noticeable improvement to the point to where I was amazing myself. - Obsessive thoughts - gone- Can sit in my seat for longer periods of time and easily tackle many tasks like it's a piece of cake!- Handle stress with ease"
Review of Adderall XR: "I have struggled with ADD since I was in grade school. Although diagnosed, my mother was not about putting me on medication. That being said I struggled really bad until I graduated. I am now 22 & have been out on almost any ADD/ADHD medication you can think of. To keep it short & sweet, Concerta & focalin worked for about an hour then I turned into a horrible person to be around - extreme mood swings, aggression, agitation, really easily annoyed, & hostile. My doctor decided to put me on Adderall XR 10mg tablets & let me tell you it has saved my life!!!!!! It lasts all day for me, I am more focused, my heart rate doesn't jump to extremes like it did on Focalin. It actually makes me more relaxed & enjoyable to be around. 10/10"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 10 yr old daughter was put on low dose (20mg) of Vyvanse for ADHD.  Her ADHD was severely affecting her school work.  Positive:  immediately teachers and I noticed she could focus, sit more still, and initiate her own homework, etc...  But it's the NEGATIVE side affects that seriously concerned me.  She went from a cheerful, joyous girl, to a melancholy zombie.  Even worse, she became more and more depressed & irritable at night.  She said she felt like she lost all personality and had a sadness that she didn't understand why.  I can not emphasize enough how scary it was to see her whole personality change, and that was not worth any benefits.she got out of Vyvanse. Other side effects:  loss of appetite, joint/muscle pain, mouth twitch."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I am 48 year old women in good health. I did not notice a difference at all. The only side effects I had were some tiredness and loss of appetite. Good luck."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My daughter started this medication about 3 months ago. Her grades and reading levels have soared and we don't have as much trouble getting her to concentrate on homework but when it comes time for bed, she's a handful and irritable still when confronted with certain tasks to be done like chores. I am not going to consider another medication on top of this but will instead consider a behavior intervention."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm a 15 year old girl and have been taking 18 mg in the morning for 4 days now and 0.1mg of clonidine at night. I had a mild, lingering headache the first day, was able to focus a little more on songs I was working on the 2nd day, lost emotion and had to fake laughing and smiling with my friend the next day, and today I was able to focus a little more than usual and get some vocabulary words done. I'm more motivated, but my attention span isn't improved much. Also, I can sit still. My psychologist doesn't think I'm hyperactive but my usual constantly-moving legs and fidgety hands are still.  I'll have to give it more time to work, and increase the dosage once my body is used to it, but I think it's doing okay for only 4 days on a low dose."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am taking 54mg for inattentive ADD its only been a month of taking Concerta without breaks, but I feel I have the general feeling down. I can focus with minimal distraction. After 3 weeks I am feeling the loss of appetite, lost 6lbs in one week and there is only a period of about 5 hours I can feel it work, during that time I love the motivation I get and am more social. All in all it does what it's supposed to but for only around 5-6 hours, after the working period I am easily aggravated and my ADD is worse than ever. My anxiety was high at first but after a month I feel like it is less of a problem for me. "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I've used it for my son and it obviously works the way it should. "
Review of Bupropion: "This lasts all day; I'm a fast drug metabolizer, so I take 150mg in the am and 150mg in the pm. There isn't a come down, like from stimulants. It helped my thoughts to come back to a normal pace and stay on-topic. Helped energy levels. Didn't help my ability to pay attention to details. Still spaced out when people were talking to me. BUT it helped me be more present and actually remember to do things. No more losing my keys/phone/shoes/mind every day, or struggling to do simple tasks. Added Adderral for the spaciness. Note that it may counteract/mute the effect of most stims, so your doctor may suggest you adjust your dosage. Because of they way they interact, it actually makes my adderral last longer, and there's zero crash from it."
Review of Strattera: "I have tried a variety of medications for ADD; including Ritalin, Adderall, Adderall XR, Dexedrine, and Strattera. Each has benefits along with side effects. After several years medicating with central nervous system stimulants (CNS) I  switched to Strattera. I found the medication took a few weeks to take effect, and tended to cause constipation. I also found my psychological state was less effective if I became dehydrated. To counter the side effects I added All-Bran into my diet twice a week, and drank more liquids. The big benefit for myself was I could enjoy reading books again, which I could not on the CNS stimulants."
Review of Atomoxetine: "This works great for my daughter who would daydream and often get "stuck" in negative thought patterns like "I can't do it.""
Review of Strattera: "I was given Strattera to treat my ADD. I began taking it with a free packet that ranged from 20mg to 80mg. At about 40 mg I began to notice that I was able to concentrate better in school. When I got to 80mg I began to not daydream anymore and people found it easier to talk to me because I wouldn't be constantly jumping from subject to subject. My anxiety and sleep problem was also solved. However, after forgetting to take it one day, I got a massive headache, equal to a migraine. Besides that, I have had no other issues and it has made life much calmer and it has made my grades improve alot."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I started taking this medication 1 month ago and have had absolutely no ill effects from it. My first worry was not being able to sleep once I heard the word "stimulant". Not an early riser I set my alarm clock to go off at 6AM just to take the pill!  Now I am taking it much later and have absolutely no ill effects.  Seem to have more energy, sleep better and starting to get some things accomplished instead of dabbling in two or three different things."
Review of Vyvanse: "Took for two months, 1 Capsule a day for my ADD. I have tried most ADHD medicines, stimulant and non- stimulant types. I was expecting a 'non event' transition, from adderall, to Dexedrine predominant Vyvanse. I have used Dexedrine and found it helpful with focus and follow through issues, with minimal side effects. Vyvanse did not turn out to be what I'd hoped for. Minimal fuss, and a stable continuation of living and treating my ADD. VyvanseHad no similarities to Dexedrine . Felt sad, bad, and disconnected from being in the moment.Side effects did not disappear during course of treatment. Somehow a perfectly acceptable Drug ingredient, Dexedrine, became Lisdexamphetamine. The long acting formulation benefit is lost, to a imposter drug"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I've been on vyvanse for about a year maybe a year and a half but damn this medication is amazing when you take it normally, I say normally because I usually only take it when I know I gotta focus so like for school, work, a project, etc but when I'm just home I don't take it. Now vyvanse has helped me so so much its just the getting the medication on time is what I struggle with, because I've noticed now that when I'm off vyvanse my ADHD is way worse like the anger and getting distracted part. Yet I don't like taking pills in general I know they do damage inside but if it works it works you know I'd rather struggle with the medication than have to deal with ADHD alone."
Review of Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids: "Works great with stimulants, but increases heart rate."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I had found myself spacing out and getting very easily distracted in school. I would always talk and anything from a noise to something moving out the window would distract me and get me off task somehow. I also had trouble staying focused on assignments that took a descent amount of time to finish. I finally told my psychiatrist about it and he gave me Vyvanse 30mg. It helped me out A LOT. I stayed focused, and if I started an assignment I finished it but he gave me a script for 1 a day every morning but I found myself taking 2 a day sometimes so he gave me the 60mg Vyvanse. So now I take one 60mg Vyvanse a day and am fine. I don't get distracted anymore like I did. I find myself getting all my work done then talking instead of talking 1st."
Review of Vyvanse: "It changed my life"
Review of Adderall XR: "It helps with everyday activities and I stay attentive and more focused."
Review of Ritalin: "I've been taking methylphenidate (Ritalin) for years. I started during my professional career, because according to my psych, I am "too smart to sit still", and that because of that, my brain gets bored easily then my attention span fades. With Ritalin I can focus like a laser on tasks, get much more done, stay organized, and it also helps with that afternoon sleepiness. Added bonus is it revs up your basal metabolic rate, and reduces appetite so you can lose weight easily.Downside, it increases BP. If you have high BP you may want to avoid it.I take a 20 mg pill 3-4 times a day, never after dinner if you want to sleep."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "38 year oid female - within three days of taking this medication (1/day at lowest dosage) I was suicidal. Depression, but NO previous history of suicidal tendencies. There were no other changes in my life other than this medication. I recovered quickly after stopping taking Focalin. I also had strong negative reaction to Vyvanse. Doc said there was something unusual about how my body metabolizes this particular medications. Concerta has done well for me, considering Ritalin SR due to cost."
Review of Desoxyn: "This medication is by FAR the most effective one I have ever tried to relieve my ADD/ADHD/Narcolepsy/& Obesity issues.  This medicine certainly causes less anxiety than phentermine AND other amphetamines.  Sadly, people are ignorant and choose to attack a very safe and effective medicine that probably saves many lives. Desoxyn is the only sure-fire medicine to aid in treating attention deficit and fatigue!  At doses of 30mg-60mg a day, the medication is effective.  Don't think that 1- tablet is going to help - the effective CLINICAL dose is in the 20mg range-70mg. "
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Wonderful drug. I have been on it for over six months and it has remained consistent. I used to be on Concerta, which was ok, but I felt as if it lost its potency. Vyvanse allows me to focus and maintain concentration. It also gives me a boost of energy. At times when I have missed a dose and left the house for the day I have felt tired and disinterested in the activities I was involved in. I have no side effects from it but I rarely have side effects to any drug. I have read that you are not supposed to have vitamin C while on it because it can interfere with the drug's ability to metabolize in one's system. I avoid vitamin C during the day and take some at night. Take it around 8 or 9 so you can sleep at night."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have been on Methylin ER for about a year and a half. I still have a lot of difficulty with ADHD symptoms, but the medication helps.  I can tell when I don't take it properly, my symptoms increase.  I have only had to increase the dosage once in about six months. I think that I need another increase now. I have not had any problems with side effects. My appetite is fine, no sleep issues (if anything, I sleep better now), no anxiety or increased blood pressure."
Review of Modafinil: "This medicine is literally a life changer. For so long I took adderall to get me through the day and to sustain focus during college courses. Adderall gave me severe anxiety and depression and I thought I had lost all hope seeing as that is "the best" drug for ADD... WRONG! Modafinil gives you the same level of focus without ANY side effects... no anxiety, no depression, no euphoria (which is great because adderall is very addictive) and minimal weight loss. It has improved my life to the point that my friends and family members have been commenting on how great I sound. I just wanted to share my experience (never have before, but I felt compelled to because this is an emotional topic for me) in case you're nervous about giving it a shot."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I used to take Adderall.  My current doctor told me that Adderall is actually amphetamine and that while amphetamine will work for ADHD, it damages dopamine cells by releasing the dopamine inside the cell. She also said that there is increasing evidence that amphetamines increase risk for parkinson's disease even when it is used as directed."
Review of Daytrana: "This is the only medication that helps my son function throughout the day without any out bursts."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "This medication has done wonders for my son. He's been on it now for about 2years, and it really helps him concentrate in school and at home. Last year he brought home a's and b's and hes 9 years old! I am so proud of him!"
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My child has been taking this for a few months now. We tried Concerta and after only the second dose he was having severe tics. Focalin has less side effects but his behavior is WORSE when he misses a dose than it ever was before he started taking this medicine. "
Review of Guanfacine: "I started giving my daughter this medication and she started getting more aggressive and having more of an attitude and more violent towards people so I stop giving her the medication. She was taking Adderall with the medication at the time so I don't know if it was a combination of the both together or what"
Review of Atomoxetine: "I was diagnosed with ADHD late and started Strattera about a year ago. When one gets a diagnosis like this late in life, one contemplates missed opportunities along the way, so I was very hopeful at the beginning. My insurance balked, because it was only approved for children, but eventually, I started it. A year later, I stopped. I don't know what the reasons are, but I felt no effects whatsoever. I stopped about a month ago, and never even noticed anything since stopping. I know doctors don't want to prescribe amphetamines or opiates or anything which has even the slightest risk of dependency. Fine. Then what? And what is out there for adults with ADHD?"
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Dexedrine is a SUPERB medication for controlling ADHD Impulsivity. It's a 100% smooth and clean ride compared to Adderall. Unfortunately for me though I lack motivation so Adderall is a better choice for me. I did rate this out of Symptom control. If Dexedrine motivated like Adderall does it would literally be the perfect medication.Pros:Superior FocusReduced Impulsive decisions the best.Side effects are minimal compared to AdderallCons:Lacks motivational Kick that Adderall delivers.Only comes in 5MG, 10MG, & 15MG Capsules and is expensive."
Review of Vyvanse: "Very smooth stimulant. Effective for a little over 8 hours in my experience, not the 12 or 13 hours the manufacturer claims. I take 40mg and have for over a month and have no need to up the dose. I gave it 9/10 instead of 10/10 because it takes 2 to 3 hours to start working. But there is no crash and is incredibly smooth compared to IR Adderall, Focalin or Ritalin. I also have an prescription for 10mg IR Adderall to take at 5pm so after work I can study or work out or just be productive because by 5pm the Vyvanse has totally worn off."
Review of Concerta: "My son was prescribed the drug just before summer.  It worked great at the beginning but now since school has started the drug is not working.  He is very moody, impulsive, short tempered, sad and depressed.  This is not my son.  I also have a friend who's son is also on it and is doing great.  It maybe worth a try, just watch for the side effects."
Review of Guanfacine: "I am 21 year's old- this medication is not just for young children- it has taken away the side-effects of my ADHD medication. The only side-effect I was aware of was auditory! When I took the 1st 1mg pill, my hearing was heightened and exhaustive (sounds dragged out) for an hour or so. When I increased to 2mg the same thing happened: a noticeable difference in my hearing for just a short hour or so. My doctor prescribed this to me when the side-effects of Concerta did not leave me; I had anxiety that was clearly not situational but from the drop-off of Concerta in the middle of the day as it is not a steady released medicine but a ADHD medication that releases a dose twice."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I wrote a former review on this medication a while back. I want to re-edit my review with a new one thats founded upon newer trials. I took the medication, how my doctor told me to (* not how it was perscribed on the bottle *). He said, take this 1x daily (* 30mg *) when you have work or school. Well, having ADHD-PI I need to take this DAILY - meaning everyday. Without it, I'm a mess. I can't focus on social conversations (* I always feel like I'm "lost in translation" *)With this medication, I am confident I can pursue my studies at college - without experiencing defeat, and hold down a job and friendships. I may not be my wacky spontaneous self when I'm on it but it's worth it I guess."
Review of Methylphenidate: "After 20 years of seeing psychiatrists, I was finally correctly diagnosed with ADD. My life completely normalized soon after starting this drug. I took every antidepressant known to man with no results. If you change jobs, friends, wives, more often than your motor oil, ADD may be your issue too. I have suffered with this for 49 years now I feel like what I assumed normal people feel like. I thank my lucky stars every day for this wonder drug. Only reason I rated a 9  was because of the dry mouth it gives me, but a small price to pay for the benefits received."
Review of Intuniv: "My son has been taking intuniv for 3 years now and has shown major improvements. The prior medications were causing my son to have tics and violent outbursts. This medication helps him more with concentration and focus but when that is under control i notice the hyper activity is more tolerable. My sons grades improved drastically and i no longer receive phone calls from his school and teachers (this was a weekly if not daily occurence)."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 6 yr old son just starting taking the medicine a week ago and has been over the top emotional, a lot of crying over nothing at his daycare during the day.  He started at 10mg which did nothing but makes him cry so he went to 20mg for 3 days which seemed to work for about 2 days.  Today we put him up to 30mg to see how it goes.  I'm worried about the emotional side effects and really hope that it subsides."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I'm a 18 year old female and I started taking 80mg strattera for ADD and honestly didn't see much to any improvement, I couldn't focus any better than I could before . I became so unmotivated I didn't even want to get out of bed anymore. It calmed me down defiantly and relieved my anxiety 100% but it made me so 'for lack of a better word' depressed. And when I would forget to take it or couldn't get to the pharmacy to refill the prescription for a couple days I would get these massive headaches that hurt so bad I could've cried. Overall I think it just didn't work for me"
Review of Vyvanse: "Vyvanse is not like any other ADHD med out there. It is better! a lot better! I does not matter how much Vyvanse you take, your body will not let the amphetamine level go any higher than it can process it. This gives you control. Vyvanse is a spark, it lets you chose what to focus on, rather than make you hyper and euphoric like other ADHD meds do. Why it does not work for some people? Because most people fail to use ADHD meds accordingly! No med is a "magic bullet." For those of us who actually have ADHD and have tried absolutely everything (healthy diet, good night sleep, exercise, multivitamins etc.), Vyvanse is the "missing piece to the puzzle!"
Review of Adderall: "I have Bipolar disorder and have ADD (not ADHD) for which I was on Ritalin (methylphenidate).  My doctor switched me to Adderall because my concentration seemed to be waning again, but I don't believe it is working as well. Concentration is about the same, but it seems I am experiencing a lot more anxiety now than I did with the Ritalin."
Review of Strattera: "I took my 1st 10mg, I ate 1/2 peanut butter sandwich with banana and cup of coffee, within hour and half I was nauseous and gagged. I had hot flashes throughout morning. I felt better by late afternoon, I lay in bed all night long beginning at 9pm trying to fall asleep, I may have a total of two hours. It is time to get ready for work and I am exhausted, I have to eat breakfast and start all over again- I am sure I can endure these beginning effects but plan on calling Doctor."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I started taking this pill and immediately noticed the difference. My life literally changed the moment I took the first pill. While I suffered from uncontrollable speech the first 2 days but my body adjusted. I started with 50mg and I now take 70mg. I am 23 years old. Some other side effects I have experienced are decreased sexual drive, loss of weight and appetite. However, I can concentrate on anything. This pill has taken the characteristic of lazy out of me. I am more productive than ever."
Review of Bupropion: "Its weird, but Wellbutrin does something where I have the ability to slow down and think for the split second it takes before I do something impulsively.  That's the only way I can describe it. Leaxpro makes the world annoy me off less and makes me chill. But Wellbutrin - It gives me time to think, is this a good idea!"
Review of Provigil: "I am 42 years old and have suffered panic disorder since I was 17 years old. Have racing thoughts, mind won't slow down enough to accomplish a task. Since taking Provigil I have moved forward and been able to complete and follow through on projects and not get frustrated and anxious. Have had no side effects, nor have I experienced a come off effect. I'm stable as she goes all day long. It has not effected my sleep either."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I started this when I was 27 years old, diagnosed as ADHD. I have had problems my entire life with struggling to stay awake (in general), excessive daydreaming, and socializing. This medicine turned my life around. Not only was I able to stop daydreaming, finish a task and make a list (for the first time ever), I felt more confident carrying on group conversations. I also lost a lot of weight, which I did need to do."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Started off on Webutrin (Bupoprion) because Strattera was non-formulary and required approval that didn't meet my schedule.  Switched, and noticed a dip in mood, but figured that it was some sort of withdrawal from being off Welbutrin. Started at 20mg P.O. for 10 days with no effect, increased dosage to 40mg as scheduled.  Strange dreams, not quite nightmares.  unusual temperature regulation, cold chest, sweating legs.  Started to experience severe difficulty in just getting out of bed, started to have significant irritability and being outright enraged over some things.  Started to experience signs of depression.  Girlfriend noticed and said that she was actually worried about me.   Called doc, was advised to stop. 36 hrs back to normal."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I felt very groggy and out of it for while on this drug, I felt like I could barely form a thought and had great difficulty interacting with people while on it. I had no feelings, no emotions it felt like if I had to choose an emotion it would be disoriented."
Review of Amphetamine: "I enjoyed Evekeo.  It was great when it came to improving focus.  I also have shift work disorder so for me stimulants are great as they help me overcome the hump I hit every morning when I just want to go to bed and sleep all day.  My wife complained that I was getting really hard to live with compared to normal.  I knew I was more irritable than normal.  Over the 5 months I took it I did feel like the level of irritabilty and arguementativeness was steadily increasing.  Stopped taking when my wife told me I was starting to become unbearable.   I usually get 2 migraines a year but while on evekeo I had 3 in 5 months."
Review of Adderall: "When I was diagnosed with ADHD in the 3rd grade they put me on Adderall and then I became a person I was not. I had social anxiety but got exceptionally good grades in school where others failed. Adderall changes your personality and was the worst 12 years of my life, I had no friends because engaging in conversation was nearly impossible. It traps your thoughts in a prison of your mind and suppresses any creativity. "
Review of Strattera: "I would have only good things to say about Strattera if I could have got pass the constipation that started after week three."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was kinda focused in school when I took this but that was only for the first period or 2, I ended up getting really tired and was getting a lot of anxiety and had like 3 panic attacks (this was my first time ever being on any kind of ADHD medication)"
Review of Strattera: "My doctor tried to put me on this. It gave me heartburn and a bad headache. I was not able to control bowel movements either. Sometimes I would actually stain the back of my pants. One good thing is I had an erection for hours. It did make me lose 40 pounds the first month I was on it though."
Review of Concerta: "I have been using Concerta for 15 days now. I started out with 18mg for a week and the second week 36mg. I haven't seen any difference by now, which is very dissappointing for me. In fact I feel slighly extra depressed than I already am, but no big difference. Starting tommorow my doctor told me to take 54mg per day. Any suggestions? Is it too soon to see any difference?"
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Was switched from Adderall XR to generic Dexedrine. I got an ineffective brand of Adderall (yes, some brands are better than others). The positive effects were gone and the negative effects were enhanced. My blood pressure was great, around 102-117 systolic and 75-85 diastolic but my pulse was way too high 110-130. For the most part I loved Dexedrine, it worked very well and without the L-Amphetamine in Adderall my pulse rate was good 85-102. My only complaint was that the length of time it worked was inconsistent. Some days it would last 45 min other days it would last 2 hours. After speaking to my psych doc we decided to switch to Vyvanse instead of having to take 3 or 4 Dexedrine pills a day. Other than length of duration this is great."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have used many ADHD medicines in the past and I never knew what attention I was lacking without vyvanse. The first week of taking 30mg is very different from the following weeks. In the first week I felt very conscious of the effects and it felt great but the following weeks felt like I was lacking. I am 18 years old so I had an upcoming SAT so I took 2 of my 30mg pills. I am 150lbs and In retrospect it was a bad idea. The whole day of the SAT I felt explosive energy and extremely motivated to work on questions. I am now on the first day of prescribed 60mg and I have a much greater work motive and I am constantly fueled with new productive ideas for tasks to complete. If you feel like you are lacking in motivation for work I recommend it"
Review of Guanfacine: "Started my 9 year old on this medication at the end of last school year. Everything was great! For the first time I could remember I had a sweet loving caring little boy. Fast forward to August my son started to show what we believed to be TICS. Eye rolling, facial tensing, head jerks, teeth chomping, sniffing nose. He also complains of a stomach ache, headaches, and blurred vision. We upped the medication a week or so ago to see if it would take these side effects away but they seem to be getting worse! Doctor said TICS should dissipate a few weeks after school began. But still nothing. They are starting to become painful to him. ANYONE ELSE HAVE THIS PROBLEM?? it was such a great medication and its so hard to find something that works"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I first started taking Concerta about 2 years ago. I'm almost 13. It works okay but I have been losing my appetite far too much. I'm already really underweight and this drug makes it worse. I've also run into sleep paralysis once or twice."
Review of Strattera: "I've been using this for three years and it helps me. I've paid attention more at school. I've had no side effects at all, but all medications may have different effects on other people."
Review of Daytrana: "The actual effects were great. I did not experience any negative effects except for nausea on the first couple of days. "
Review of Ritalin: "I took 15 mg instant release Ritalin for ADHD, to combat daytime sleepiness, and focus on med school studies. I have mixed feelings about this medication. It improved my focus a lot, but it also had some negative effects. I was very nauseous after taking the pill and would sometimes gag. Nausea was absent on days I didn't take it. I had no appetite so I wasn't eating enough, which isn't ideal because I am already thin and not looking to lose weight. I would try to eat before taking the pill but I did notice either a decreased efficacy of the drug. It also increased my heart rate to about 120 beats per min (I am normally about 75). This did help me feel motivated and get work done, I just wish I didn't experience these side effects."
Review of Adderall: "Adderall has changed my life. I have so much more energy, I'm more alert, and can stay focused on tasks a lot easier. However, I notice when it is starting to wear off, I get really moody. So, I make sure I'm not around people when that's the case. I was really worried about becoming dependent, so at least once or twice a week, I don't take it all to make sure I'm not addicted. Another warning, don't take this after 1pm. You will be up all night. It sucks. Your body will be so tired and you'll want to go to sleep, but your mind is just alert and wide awake!It really suppresses the appetite too but the longer you take it, the less effect it has!"
Review of Guanfacine: "This slow release medication works 100% better than taking guanfacine three times a day.  We still need find a way to tweak my sons evenings, but its tolerable."
Review of Vyvanse: "Overall, in my experiences I have learned that in terms of extremes... the  Methylphenidates will turn you into an emotionless robot, hollow inside, socially avoidant person unable to experience life's pleasures. Nothing makes you happy, but at the same time,  nothing can make you sad.  Whereas with the Amphetamines (like Adderall and lesser extent Vyvanse) you become an extremely emotional, almost volatile, person who can experience pleasures in an extreme way. You get so overjoyed by the little things but the smallest of pet peeves can really set you off. Vyvanse has been the best one for me. Just be aware of how you are treating those you love especially several months after starting. You may need a secondary med to balance mood."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia over two years ago, have been struggling with it for about 7. Recently went to a psychiatrist because my pain doctor and pcp suggested it because of me complaining about concentration and fatigue issues. I have only been on this a short time but so far it's been A LIFE SAVER. I was started on a low dose of course just 10mg once a day IR. I could easily take 3 of these a day. My pain doctor recently put me on the lowest dose of a butrans patch and it's made a huge difference but my energy was still gone and I still struggled (I only worked on average 20 hours a week because doing much more has been too hard and I have an easy job in an office ). This adderall may save my life I'd write more but it won't let me"
Review of Mydayis: "I switched to Mydayis from Vyvanse. The effects of Mydayis last longer than Vyvanse, but just asin my experienceVyvanse did not last fourteen hours, Mydayiss duration of action falls short of the sixteen hours as advertised by Shire. Nonetheless, I still hold Mydayis superior to Vyvanse and Adderall."
Review of Intuniv: "My 11 year old son has ADHD with anxiety disorder.  This medication has helped him manage his anxiety (he is much happier) and he is able to focus better on managing everything from time to his emotions.  He has better stamina mentally and can perform mental tasks for longer periods of time.  He is also acting more mature and being more responsible. He takes 2mg at night 1 hour before bed along with gummy melatonin to help him sleep.  He sleeps well and feels good during the day.  Overall this medication has helped him a great deal.  It's like it took him out of his anxious rut and gives him a better outlook."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 5 year old son was prescribed Vyvanse as his first medication after being diagnosed with ADHD-combined type and we've seen a huge difference in his attitude already. He is so polite, much calmer (but not zombied), still has his personality and is active. He's become more aware of his surroundings and how to treat others around him appropriately. I can't wait for school to start again to see how well his social relationships will improve now that he's undergoing treatment. Side effects the first few days were not nice to watch but he adjusted and is doing awesome. No insomnia or appetite loss either, and he has no complaints; it's perfect for him!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 9 year old son has been on Vyvanse  for five years now he started out with 20mg he is now up to 70mg it works great my 5yr old little girl was just put on Vyvanse 40mg after trying numerous other ADHD medicines. It works well, I was on Ritalin for 25 years. I did not want my kids on that so glad the Vyvanse works."
Review of Strattera: "My son is 15 now and we have struggled for years with his ADHD. He has now been on Strattera for 2 years and has gone from straight D's in maths to A in achievement he can concentrate more retain information and does not lose it as he uses to. I have seen no side effects at all. At one point he went off it, lasted 5 days then chose to go back on it as he could tell that it helped his behaviour and way of dealing with things. I have only good things to say about Strattera."
Review of Adderall: "I've gone through most of my adult life not knowing that I have ADHD. After finding that I had literally every single symptom. As my doctor said, Whoa!  You're off the chart here! I've been taking 20mg for a month now. Some of my symptoms bother me. Forgetting what I was talking about mid sentence, going into a room forgetting what I was there for. All in all though, I call this medicine a miracle. I hate thinking about how much of my life I've missed out on before this. I was in school to be a Pharmacy Tech. I dropped out within a month, because I just couldn't keep up, or focus. I feel good now. My insurance at first weren't filling it. My doctor had to call the insurance co, they approved it for a year.My doctors appointment to check how this medicine dosage is working. I think I need to go up a bit. I don't have annoying side effects"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I take only 5mg a day but it works for my mild ADD.  This gives me great concentration and I can get things done.  Without this, I can't even read an article in a newspaper.  This is my life saver.  The only catch is I get tense TMJ from this.  But I lived with it as the benefit outweigh the side effect."
Review of Guanfacine: "My 6 year old was on tenex and I wanted an easier dosing approach therefore we decided to try Intuniv Er 1mg which was lower than the 2 mg of tenex she was on. She started on a Friday evening and by Saturday afternoon she was vomitting. I initially chalked it up to a stomach virus until days later the pyschiatric advised to immediately discontinue as the vomitting was an adverse reaction. She stopped 3 days ago and is still vomitting at least once daily. We have gradually introduced the tenex back and next week she will be back to her full 2mg tenex dose. I hoped to have good results but the reaction was too bad!!"
Review of Focalin: " I Have Struggled with adhd for 10yrs an finally my doc did something about it:) However I did have sleeping problems for first few weeks but that was expected with it being a stimulant but after a month or so my sleeping is back to normal and my mind is not spinning out of control so THANKS DOC!  "
Review of Bupropion: "I've tried concerta, zoloft, ritalin and wellbutrin for ADHD.  Wellbutrin was the only medication that gave me a calm, level headed feeling that helped me control hyperactivity, impulsivity, and attention span.  I'm a 40 year old ADD'r and I'm grateful it works without the jitters of ritalin."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 24, in gradschool and I've been taking the 70mg for about four months.  At first I lost ten pounds but now have maintained my appetite.  When I don't take it I do feel an uncontrollable desire to eat a lot.  I have difficulty sleeping at night and sometimes won't fall asleep until 3 or 4 am, and I take the medicine as soon as I wake up. I think it works best a few hours after taking it. Feel no anxiety and accomplish a lot- but then wears off by the afternoon.  Also I was prescribed an anti-depressant before but I feel this somewhat takes care of that. I still prefer taking Vyvanse now but I do think I'll stop for a while after graduating because I'm not sure about the long term effects."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My experience on this drug started well but has dropped off and I'm looking for an alternative. The first couple of months I went from 20 mg in morning and another 20 in afternoon. I'm now at 70 and 40. My therapist rx'd Kapvay with it to help with irritability and quick reactions to situations. While it helped the combo was making my teeth feel like razor blades and I was getting abrasions on my tongue. I dropped the Kapvay and it has helped with the teeth but I'm now dealing with several cavities to get filled. Also having trouble issues with insomnia as I always feel like I need to be getting something done. Over the past couple of months I've probably had 5 instances in which I've gone close to 44 hours without sleep."
Review of Strattera: "I have been on it a few months, with great results for my ADD. I have greater concentration and am up getting things done, instead of vegging in front of the tube. The major drawback has been sweating. I was getting chills and sweating a lot! Originally thought it could be hormones, but not after reading others' comments matching my symptoms. I was jittery at first, but now smooth sailing. I tell lots of people how happy I am with the results. I loved Welbutrin but am allergic."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Once getting on adderall I found it gave me just enough euphoria to put down everything from alcohol to opiates, while giving me the drive and ambition to seek an engineering degree. I must warn people adderall is a stimulant, it's out of your body rather quickly (1-2 days) so addiction in the "physical withdrawal" sense is not much, although years of taking it will keep you relying on it -that's a PROMISE. Depending on the dosage you'll be severely lethargic and wind up sleeping a few days. Beware of the day's end, you'll likely need something to sleep, or relax which can cause problems. Despite the caution, you'll be a morning person and love it, just remember the word "moderation" and you'll be a new you!"
Review of Strattera: "I am an adult with ADD. I took Strattera according to my doctors recommendations, starting with 25mg and upping the dosage to 80mg gradually for 6 weeks. I noticed nausea almost immediately after I started taking the medicine along with unusual bouts of tiredness. I continued with the plan as I was told some of the initial side effects would ease as my body became accustomed. The side effects began to get worse, with frequent sweats, occasional sore throat, EXTREME tiredness, and the worst constipation I have ever had. I will say that my ability to stay focused was improved dramatically, but the side effects made it impossible to stay on the medicine."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Incredible.  I was on Adderall for over a year.  My doctor switched me to Vyvanse four days ago.  Since day one, I have felt better than ever.  That "nervous-jittery feeling" (perfect description) as well as anxiety and teeth-grinding that I had while on Adderall is totally gone.  I feel "normal". I am able to concentrate and focus calmly, and am no longer plagued by excessive energy.  I feel healthy, and everyone around me has noticed the positive difference in such a short amount of time."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Been on adderall for about 4 yrs total. I started on 20mg XR, which I thought lasted too long and I couldn't sleep at night. So I got switched to 20mg IR tablets for 3 yrs. My tolerance has grown since so I recently bumped up to 30mg IR tablets.As a person suffering from ADHD, adderall was a life saver. I was struggling in school, could not focus at work, my room/car was a total mess, I could barely hold a conversation. Since getting on adderall none of those things are an issue. It has helped me greatly in being able to function in everyday life. It's increased motivation significantly.My only complaint about it is the duration, IR is too short & XR is too long. Also tolerance develops quickly, I can easily handle about 40-50mg at once"
Review of Adzenys XR-ODT: "I had been off of medication for a while, recently went to a doctor for ADHD to get meds again -- was given a script for Adzenys XR-ODT, I have had experiences with Adderall in the past while sampling medication with my previous doctor and found success. This medication at the equivalent dosage of 20mg did little to nothing for me for the first few days and eventually, nothing at all."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 20 year old male. I have taken  Vyvanse to help me focus better on my tasks and also to improve my concentration. Vyvanse is a wonderful medication with very little negative side effects. "
Review of Strattera: "As an adult living ADHD, I had no idea how it affected me. I was prescribed this by a psychiatrist, and almost immediately I was able to think more clearly, my memory felt better, I felt like I could concentrate on things. When someone spoke to me, I could actually listen and absorb what they were saying. Unfortunately I'm not on it anymore. It's hard to concentrate some days."
Review of Vyvanse: "This medication was possibly the worst experience of my life. In the matter of a week, i managed to have my boss lose all hope in me, i ruined my 3 year relationship and for the first time in my life, i was so depressed i had thoughts of death ( not to mention I was kind of moody all day). Not to mention it actually made my memory and focus worse! Thank God i had a couple adderall left to make it until my next (emergency) appointment!Thanks Vyvanse! You really changed my life!I have a psyc appointment tomorrow morning, i am going back to adderall! Vyvanse didnt last a full week for me, maybe it's different for other people."
Review of Strattera: "It may cause stomach irritation."
Review of Adderall XR: "Many doctors seem to be convinced that if you have an AD disorder, you simply can't get high on stimulant medications. This is NOT the case at all.First off,  stimulant medications in general work well... very very well. The first day I took adderall I was at school. About an hour after I took my dose of 20mgs I started to feel this awake, alert, energetic feeling inside. I liked, a lot. For the next 5 hours all of my boring subjects became very interesting and I became a very social person. After about a month, those effects started to go away. I went to the doc and asked for a dose increase. Without any hesitation, he DOUBLED my dose to 40mg. I quickly found my self abusing adderall. 1 year later and I'm now in rehab for drug abuse."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My 6 yr old son started showing signs of ADHD a year ago. He is in kindergarten and he has 3 types of days green- good, yellow-not the best, red-bad day. Every week he was coming home with 2 yellow days a week for calling out and being disruptive for the last 7 months. He started taking Focalin XR 10mg and has a green day everyday since he started the medication. His teachers say how much better he has been at school and he doesn't run a muck through the house anymore. I'm so happy we found Focalin."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I take the XR, and it allows me to focus throughout the day at work and in classes. I can actually sit down and complete a task, I can get something done (for once), and the only side effects I really experienced were a bit of dry mouth at first and some continued loss of appetite. Otherwise, completely effective. Unfortunately, my insurance company only covers the brand name. Otherwise, it would be much, much cheaper. It's the brunt of my monthly prescription costs."
Review of Methylphenidate: "For years I had been battling behavior problems with my son who is now 10. He was not a bad child but had no concentration span, would fidget, annoy others and was falling way behind children the same age as him. Finally we managed to get him seen by a specialist. He is now been on Ritalin 15mg for 4 months and the change is unbelievable. He is already catching up with his school work, making more friends as he understands them better and is generally just more content and happy. At first he was teary and clingy when first put on them but that soon went. The only down for my son is that he is not as hungry as he used to be and lost a lot of weight in the beginning but is steadily putting it back on now."
Review of Vyvanse: "I've used it for my son and it obviously works the way it should. "
Review of Strattera: "15 year old female with ADHD and mild depression. This sent me into a downwards spiral of suicidal thoughts and erratic behavior. It also caused me to throw up and miss meals due to the 'stuck in my throat' feeling it gave in addition to the burning acid in my throat feeling. Also it gave me headaches so severe I wouldn't even get out of bed.  I give this a 2/10 because although it did help a little, the negative side effects are too much for me."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Methylphenidate (Ritalin), which is always understood to denote IMMEDIATE-RELEASE, is a miracle medication w/practically zero side effects.I mean true Schedule 2 stimulant narcotic methylphenidate ..not Adderall, not Dexedine,not dextroamphetamine, not atomoxetine. My weight, brain, overall health, wellness, & relationships are healthier on rigorous doses of methylphenidate (Immediate-Release plus Ritalin LA or Immediate-Release plus Concerta); however, pharmacies have to understand that  the generic must be the true actual commercially available exact product in every aspect as brand.  "
Review of Adderall XR: "This medication helps me stay focused at work. I used to have problems reading long groups on letters an numbers for verification. Using Adderall XR has cured this problem with no side effects."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I started off on 20mg and it did not work very well. I was very angry and still very distracted. Although i felt like that was the first time I've ever been actually able to focus on daily activities. Things peaked my interest more resulting in more productive energy. Due to my short temper when I started, my doctor prescribed me to Ritalin and that was THEE WORST experience of my life. After that, we tried Strattera which was even worse. I'd get sick to my stomach and just feel so drugged up. After a few different dosages she prescribed 30mg of vyvanse. I've never felt so productive and aware. I havent ever realized before this, how many impulsive decisions I make without thinking about the effects. Vyvanse has made me more self aware."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I'm only on day 1 with 40mg dose, but I noticed the front of my brain hurts and I'm endlessly thirsty. Getting up and sitting down has made me a little dizzy also. Hope it gets better with time or I'll ask doc for a change of meds."
Review of Daytrana: "I use Daytrana for Adult ADHD. Unlike most other ADHD medicines (except maybe Vyvanse), it is very smooth, meaning there is no crash at the end of the day, or big jolt in the morning.  I just feel very calm and I can concentrate much better and it's the best ADD medicine I've tried. I take 30mgs and keep it on 12-16 hours. A few things in reference to other raters. Some doctors allow the patch to be on for 24 hours.  That would help with the child that had problems in the evening (something to ask your doctor about). The patch was originally designed for 24 hours (so there is enough medicine in the patch to wear it that long), but during clinical trials, there were skin issues hence the 9 hour limit. "
Review of Intuniv: "My son is 11 with ADHD and APD and has tried all the ADHD medicines out there. We had trouble with mood swings, appetite and overall inconsistent results. We started on the Intuniv November 2010. He has stopped at the 2 mg level. It was hard at first but his Doctor encouraged us to do the full 12 weeks on the medication to see full results and it has been worth it. He has gained about 8 pounds and grew almost 3 inches. We give it to him between 4-7 pm before bed and with food. He still gets a little dizzy some days but we also note that if he doesn't drink enough fluids that seems to be more prevalent. Some of the early side effects we saw were sleepiness. A little caffeine in the afternoon helped. THIS is by far the best we have had with our son ever."
Review of Kapvay: "My daughter has tried several other stimulant medicines with the most horrible side effects. Kapvay was tried and very well appreciated in our home and at her school. The teachers were amazed at the change and the relief for myself was a God send. "
Review of Concerta: "I was out on a couple of different types of medications for my ADD. When I came across Concerta, it is close to perfect to me. I don't get that feeling like I'm spaced out like Adderral."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was diagnosed with ADD and my doctor recommended me to take vyvanse 40mg. The first day I took it around 6:00 am and it started to work about an hour in. I was able to focus very well and was a lot more sociable. However, the good effects of the medicine only lasted for 5 hours and then everything went downhill and I felt depressed. My heart was beating faster than usual, dry mouth, and had no desire for food. The next day thinking it would be better, it didn't kick in until around 2:00pm and only lasted for a few hours. Sometimes it would leave me feeling very antisocial and aggitated. Today is my last day taking it because it hasn't worked for me at all today. Wasn't hungry all day, felt very sweaty, nervous, aggitated, out of breathe."
Review of Dyanavel XR: "Do not take this! It caused my 8 yrs old grave mental issues!"
Review of Intuniv: "My daughter started this, she was tired and first but we moved it to a later time.  After two months we moved her up to 2mg as she was still unfocused. Well I haven't slept in weeks, she is up alot at night won't sleep in her room anymore. We switched to taking it in the morning and thought it was a faze, i will be making an appointment to talk to her pediatrician. It was our choice as a nonstimulant and im not going to put her on one. Hopefully there is something  else out there that will work as great during the day but not nightmares. We live in Canada and thankfully our insurance pays for it but that's not a reason to stay on it."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have never been diagnosed with add or adhd but was having trouble concentrating. I approached my doctor and he prescribed this drug. It worked perfectly. I no longer have problems paying attention and am doing extremely well in school. My inattention did not return after I stopped this medication."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My daughter is 8 with ADHD and this medicine did not work for us. She became head strong, was bullying and was always upset. It did not work for us but every child is different. Goodluck."
Review of Adderall: "I started on Ritalin for ADHD but I switched to Adderall, because the Ritalin made me extremely irritable. Adderall 20 mg allows me to concentrate, tune out distractions, and manage time efficiently. Negative side effects: suppressed appetite (positive for me!), SOMETIMES slightly irritable mood towards the end of the day, sleeplessness if I take it less than 12 hours before bedtime."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 7 year old son started Vyvanse about 3 weeks ago.  The first day he took a 30 mg dose which made him like a zombie all day and absolutely manic all night.  He literally stayed up all night and ran up and down the hall and talked incessantly.At the end of my rope at 7 am I paged his doctor.  We lowered the dose to 15 mg.He seemed initially to do better on the 15mg and was doing well in school.  He became more aggressive and started having OCD behaviors of constantly washing his hands (I counted 30 times in an hour) and crying and staying up all night.  Last night he stayed up until 4:30 am and I was at my wits end.So today his doctor is switching him to another medication but we may try it in a combination."
Review of Guanfacine: "My ASD  son was put on Tenex in kindergarten for aggression/rages. It lessened the behavior problems, but came at a big price. Gained 12 lbs within the first month, terrible tummy aches for a couple hours after every dose, night terrors most nights, lost all desire for any kind of physically active play. But kept him on it for 1 1/2 years because I had found nothing else that helped the violent behaviors. After 1 1/2 years the Tenex stopped working, even at a higher dose.  Slowly weaned him off of it 2 months ago. Ever since he he has been out of control, bouncing off the walls non-stop. I'm sorry I ever left him on it in the first place. His psychiatrist confessed this happens to many of his patients who have taken it for a long time."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have been taking 2- 10mg IR tablets each day for about a month. I have noticed a significant difference at how well I perform at school since I've been on adderall. I have many honors and AP classes, which  always have a big work load. Each day I had to struggle with my ADD and having to look over the material numerous times. I am now able to focus and have confidence in my classes. Usually I am the last person taking a test and now I am one of the first people done because I am finally able to focus. Negatives- as adderall wears off I feel anti-social, weak, agitated, and slightly depressedthe positives definitely out weigh the negatives ADD is hard to deal with and finally being able to focus means so much to me"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My daughter is 8 years old and have been taking medicines since she was almost 4. She has been on a lot of different medicines. I am just wondering if her sudden outburst of happy, sad violent behavior is due to the doctors increasing her Vyvanse from 20mg to start with 1 year ago to 70mg which is what she is taking today."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have been treated with CNS stimulants (methylphenidates and amphetamines) and Adderall has unequivocally been the most beneficial medication for ADHD. I have been on this medicine, 30 mg twice daily, for about 4 years and all of the major symptoms of ADHD are under control which in turn has allowed me to take back control of my life.  I would like to add that, for me, it has had a profound positive effect on comorbid Major Depressive Disorder, recurrent (moderate-severe). Tried virtually every antidepressant and various combinations/augmentations since age 22 (except for MAOIs) with little improvement. Now taking Pristiq 50 mg in the morning and a low-dose of mirtazapine (generic for Remeron) at bedtime. No relapse/recurrence in over a year!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "Worked great for ADHD! Did cause migraines to be more frequent and is expensive, but does do wonders for inattention."
Review of Intuniv: "My 9 yo son was diagnosed with ADHD a year ago and has had OT services for 6 months.  We started Intuniv 2 weeks ago. First day on 1 mg he was super hyper, then seemed unchanged.  A week later we went to 2 mg.  It's great.  He is more focused, less wiggly, finishes task in a more timely manner.  He still squirms but not as much.  His teacher is happy with the improvement.  Side effects-sleepy, dry mouth, emotional.  We have been giving him the pill in the morning.  Around 5pm he gets super sleepy.  The doc told me there is no peak in when the drug works but there is a peak in when the side effects occur.  They tend to be 8-10 hours after taking the drug.  We are going to try giving him the pill at night and see if it helps him with drowsiness."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 9 year old son started taking Vyvanse when all the other ADHD meds failed. Although he still had his fits sometimes they are few and far between. His grades in school are improving and he is able to pay attention better."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am productive but I am not myself, I can't sleep.  I stay up for days on end because there is so much I have to do.  My body just wants rest, my pulse is pounding behind my eyes.  I can't remember the last time my body or my mind allowed me to eat, hunger is a distant memory.  I am gregarious in conversations and go off like Charlie Sheen.  I have stayed up for days, until white walls turned orange.  I have been on Vyvanse for a year and before that Medidate, Stratera, Concerta, Daytrana, Ritalin, Adderall.  I don't know who I am outside of my daily dose because I've been fed since I was 9, I'm 21 now. I have a 4.0 GPA, I am miserable. None of these are good, the alternative is worse."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Works well, does it's job, but be warned, for the first few days - week, the side effects are freaking horrible. I was on Wellbutrin for a half a year, but got off due to having a rare side effect (muscle & joints hurting). Trying Strattera now, and as far as I can tell, it's very nice. Thoughts are organized, and I feel more relaxed (which is good because I might have anxiety - still being determined), none the less I get a lot more things done. Side effects are a bloody nightmare - hang in there! They do go away! I started on only 25MG and for 4 days I was nauseous & had to lay down from time to time, couldn't stop sleeping, & my eyes were hurting... weird... I went up to 50MG, and again, the same symptoms."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I've gone through most of my adult life not knowing that I have ADHD. After finding that I had literally every single symptom. As my doctor said, Whoa!  You're off the chart here! I've been taking 20mg for a month now. Some of my symptoms bother me. Forgetting what I was talking about mid sentence, going into a room forgetting what I was there for. All in all though, I call this medicine a miracle. I hate thinking about how much of my life I've missed out on before this. I was in school to be a Pharmacy Tech. I dropped out within a month, because I just couldn't keep up, or focus. I feel good now. My insurance at first weren't filling it. My doctor had to call the insurance co, they approved it for a year.My doctors appointment to check how this medicine dosage is working. I think I need to go up a bit. I don't have annoying side effects"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 42, highly successfully in my career and family life but always thought I had ADD or ADHD .  I got decent grades in high school and college but always felt like it was a struggle  and I would have to beat myself up for hours with guilt and fear of failure to produce even passing results.  After 20 years, I've decided to actually do something about it.  I tried both Adderall and Vyvanse and Vyvanse is superior because it's less harsh.  I've benefited from it but it does make me anxious..  I take Ativan to help with that..  I'm also on Brintellix. I hate being on tons of meds but if I can increase my quality of life and be a better person it's worth it.  "
Review of Vyvanse: "Most awesome medicine I've ever been prescribed. I can focus, I am not irritable. I feel like I have a life now. Thank you Vyvanse."
Review of Strattera: "I was prescribed this medicine, 40mg twice a day. I read a lot of information before deciding to take this. I am a 40 year old black female and have had struggles for many years while in school. I decided to go back to school and also tried this to see if there was a difference. It takes a while before you notice a change in the ability to focus. When earning my 1st degree, I struggled in school, probably all my life. While on Strattera, I could sit and study for hours and not be distracted. I went from struggling to earn C's maybe a B, to Earning A's and maybe a B. I actually understood what I was studying and didn't feel like doing 3-4 other things at the same time. I stopped taking it because of an EKG that showed an irregular heart beat. A side effect."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was on Ritalin for years until my doctor put me on Vyvanse. Vyvanse kicks in 'quietly' and lasts longer."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 6 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD and started on Vyvanse 4 weeks ago. He has made HUGE strides in school.  His teachers and I are all very impressed with what this medication has done for him academically.  However, he has become an emotional wreck.  If he isn't on auto-pilot or mentally checked out, he is snapping and yelling at people at the drop of a hat.  He zones out, acts and appears to be "high" .. a shell of him himself.  It breaks my heart to see my fun loving, humorous vibrant little boy become a drone so that he can be successful at school.  He is on the lowest dose of 20mg."
Review of Strattera: "I started taking Strattera a few weeks ago for ADD. I have noticed it makes me really calm compared to my usual ways. It helps me focus a little better than I used to but I am still not really focused during class. I take 80mg a day, yes I know that's a lot but that's what was prescribed for me. I have completely lost my appetite. Some days go by and I realize I haven't eaten anything. I have lost 10 lbs. Other than that it just gives me a really dry mouth. I always take over the counter sleep aids so I always sleep fine. I wonder if I should try Adderall? Concerta I have already tried and did not like it."
Review of Concerta: "I'm a 15 year old girl who started off with Vyvanse for a year but became anorexic. I switched off to Concerta! The first couple of years I felt so amazing because I have never experienced what it felt like to succeed after trying so much. Then I got to High School. My meds ended a relationship. I was always paranoid and extremely nervous. I am like a robot now. I'm either extremely emotionless, really mad, or really paranoid. My friends tell me that it's like talking to a stranger. I get frustrated so easily and don't care about anyone or anything around me. I don't want to be taken off my meds because I'm really successful. But should I really have to choose between my loved ones and school. I shouldn't have to pick."
Review of Adderall XR: "As a 16 year old junior in highschool, I never seemed to really notice how much I didn't pay attention to things that didn't interest me. As my family and friends have been saying how important getting good grades in junior year is, I thought deeply about it and found out that maybe I just don't care. Although it wasn't that, I really do care, but I just never wanted to sit down and do the homework. Because it's not interesting, even though I know how important it is. I eventually brought this to my mothers attention and she even noticed it for awhile, that maybe I have ADD. Eventually we went to a special Dr, he concluded I have mild/moderate ADD, started me on 15mg last month, didn't last all school day, and today i just picked up my 25mg"
Review of Atomoxetine: "I'm a 47 yr old female. This medicine greatly improved my attention. I was able to complete tasks at work. Organize my work and home. The problem was that my heart would beat rapidly at night keeping me awake. I stopped taking it when my blood pressure increased significantly."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have taken Adderall XR and Vyvanse. They both have a similar but not completely similar feeling when it comes to getting work done. But mainly my experience with Vyvance is quite good but not great. I take whenever I get up to go to school (6-6:30), and it takes an hour to kick in. I have been taking Vyvance for the last 4 years. It helps you focus a lot more than usual and it gives you the motivation to get work done. But the downside about it is that you feel depressed for a minute or anxiety, but after a couple of minutes you feel back motivated and happy. Also, I love that it gives you the mind clarity that I personally think everyone needs. Overall, my experience with Vyvance Is awesome. Btw I'm 15"
Review of Ritalin LA: "Ritalin excellent medication boost ability to focus (minus  out thoughts which bounce off each other at 0-60 second speeds) Quite calming."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 6 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD when he was 4 years old. We have tried several different medicines. He has been on Metadate for almost two months and it's been like a miracle drug. He is very pleasant to be around now. He takes 20mgs in the morning and it has not seemed to affect his appetite or his sleep. He is doing much better in school. The teacher said she knew he knew the info but getting it out of him was like pulling teeth before. Now he is doing exactly what she wants him to do."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My daughter has been taking this for about 2 months and it seems to be working besides she has been really disrespectful to everyone witch we have not seen with her before with her other meds."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am an adult female. I was prescribed 10 mg once a day. My counselor advised my Behavioral Health MD to treat me for possible ADD/ADHD. I'm also taking clonopin and Ambien, which might account for my reaction- Ritalin made me sleepy and kind of depressed! I was really surprised, as I'd never heard of that reaction. Also taking Lamictal and Trileptal for bipolar. Hm.... I sure would like to know if others have this reaction, or if upping the dose would possibly make me not so depressed."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This medicine is not to be taken lightly.  It helps very much. "
Review of Atomoxetine: "I had been on Ritilan for 10 years and found I kept increasingly the dose every year or so. I went on this medication and got so sick. I was very angry and had urges to hurt people I cared about. It felt so weird my hair felt like it was growing tingly feeling. Vision impairment etc, I stopped taking this when I had such strong urges to strangle someone. Very scary. This medication is not for me."
Review of Ritalin: "Works very well in the begining. After a couple of months induces tolerance. Anyway, it changed my professional and personal lifestyles. Now I pity of the person I was. I never experienced a linear and practical thought until I used this."
Review of Metadate CD: "My 8 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD nearly 1 year ago. We tried 4 different medications - 2 gave him side effects of not being able to sleep AND a high anxiety.  2 did nothing for him.  Then we tried Metadate CD. We started with 10 mg, which didn't really do anything. 20mg was better, but still some issues in the attention area.  We are now at 30 mg, and it's great. His teacher has also said that school is much better. He makes sense in his answers, he's not blurting out or disrupting the class.  We give it to him at 6:45 am, and can get through a bit of homework until 5:30pm.  Then it's worn off. I think that's a great amount of time and NO side effects of lack of sleep, lack of appetite, or mood/anxiety issues.  I hope it continues."
Review of Methamphetamine: "I barely had enough time in the day to meet the obligations of my job until I began taking methamphetamine. It really energized me to focus on the task at hand and nothing else. Shortly after I began taking Methamphetamine I received two promotions at work and was given an additional supervisory role.  As an added benefit it curbed my appetite allowing me to work through lunch and in some cases even dinner without taking a break. Also there is almost no physical side effect, unlike Vyvanse and Amphetamine Salts made my body and head ache as well as gave me a craving to chain smoke. The only downside is the availability at the local chemist, it seems the refills can only be handled through a tribal doctor or local shaman."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm currently going through nursing school at a university near me and from the start of this past semester I had a real tough time staying focused and doing my homework. Went to see a nurse APR N and she gave me a script for Ritalin, 10mg 2x a day. This medicine has been a God send for me, I always complete my assignments on time and have been getting A's and B's on all my test. It lets me sit down and study for 6 hours at a time but if I hadn't taken the Ritalin I wouldn't have half the work done that needed to be done. Plus I've not had a single issue with it such as withdrawals or anxiety."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have been using Concerta for 15 days now. I started out with 18mg for a week and the second week 36mg. I haven't seen any difference by now, which is very dissappointing for me. In fact I feel slighly extra depressed than I already am, but no big difference. Starting tommorow my doctor told me to take 54mg per day. Any suggestions? Is it too soon to see any difference?"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I began taking adderrall XR generic and it has helped so much. I take 20 mg and it has helped me become so clear. I'm able to hear things and pay attention at work. I only take it when I work (three times a week) and it just helps me keep myself together. No more forgetting stuff and appearing incompetent. It works for my severe adhd and I am so happy I finally have a solution. It has even calmed my anxiety. Helped me tremendously."
Review of Focalin: "My 7 year old who has had epilepsy since age 1 was diagnosed with ADHD about a year ago.  We recently started him on Focalin XR as his first form of treatment.  A little afraid of the side effects because he has had severe side effects in the past from various seizure medicines, but once we found the right seizure medicine for him he's been seizure free.  Our next task was of finding an ADHD medicine that would work well with the seizure medicine -this was a bit frightening.  He's been on Focalin for about a month and it really is a wonder drug.  I have a goal in life to keep my kids off drugs, but I've accepted that some medicines are needed in children.  This stuff is a blessing to my family and most importantly to my son."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been taking vyvanese for about 21 months. I have been taking 30 mg and will not up it. I am 63 and sought help after reading some blogs about older adults taking this to help focus and have more energy. I have never really taken any medication my whole life. I take it mainly on work days and if off or on vacation I generally don't take it. On this blog it sounds like a lot users have other issues. Anyways this medication has worked wonders for me, makes me more sociable, happy and able to continue concentrate. I work as an engineer. I follow my doctors recommendation in taking it first thing in the morning with food. It generally wears off about 4-5 pm, no sleep problem. I highly recommend for older adults but keep dose low."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have been taking 30mg of Vyvanse for one week now. It works great. The first day I could really feel the amphetamine and found it too strong and unpleasant but on day 2 I did not feel bad from it. It lasts long, probably 12-14 hours and is very smooth. The crash is relatively mild.Previously I have been on dexamphetamine IR 3x10mg/day for one month which worked really well, but I wanted something that is sustained released. Before that I was on Ritalin IR and LA for over 15 years. The Methylphenidate just did not work as well as it used to and I found the side effects more and more unpleasant. I can really recommend Vyvanse so far. I am really calm from it and can focus very well on tasks. It also has less cardiac side effects than others."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I  am  male,  50 years old and recently diagnosed with ADHD.   Started taking Concerta almost 4 weeks ago, and  much like everyone else, started  at 18mg dosage and now  at 54mg.   I'm not really sure how Concerta has affected me in  my daily life yet,  accept  perhaps helping me getting into deep sleep and dream again.  there are number of symptoms that I like to share with you:-     I wasn't much of a forgetful person to start with,  but now I  tend to forget things-      definitely  low libido and ejaculation issue-      lack of appetite-       lost interest talking to people  specially woman/ mind you, I'm single-        no problems sleeping, though I  also take   10mg  Cipralex"
Review of Dexedrine: "Great medicine, I recently restarted this medicine after 10 years and I feel normal again. This medicine has given me great peace in my life. I feel calm and collected and I'm quickly understanding what its like to have "free time" I insist that people who find results using this medicine ensure those in government understand the increase in quality of life we are all experiencing. I've rated this medicine 10/10 purely because any cons I've experienced are meaningless compared to been given a life."
Review of Adderall: "Adderall has been a blessing to me. I take 30mg twice a day and my thinking has become so much more clear. I am now able to pay attention and absorb what is going on around me. I have had no negative side effects except for an occasional night where it might take me an extra 30 minutes to fall asleep. I still have a healthy appetite since taking Adderall. This medicine has made my life so much better."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Useful adjunct to age related Adult Attention Deficit Decline/disorder. Also some additional employment shift differential sleep disorder/narcoleptic (sleepiness on the work site) potential for accidents due to inattentiveness."
Review of Vyvanse: "My son is 9 yrs old and has been on Vyvanse for about 2 yrs or so and I have to say that its been a miracle medicine. I believe I finally got my baby boy back he also takes Intuniv as a booster pill....but my only problem is that he has chronic insomnia and no over the counter or prescribed medicine seem to make him fall asleep and stay asleep."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I am on a trial pack starting from 25 mg with an increases of 15 - 20 mg a week. I am at my second week at 40mg and so for all I feel is the side effects. I found that if I take it on an empty stomach I get extremely nauseous for about and hour or two. I can't really tell if it's working yet since I'm only in my second week, but so far I'm not too optimistic. I was on Wellbutrin before and that had little to no effect on me. I don't feel depressed at all but I will say my anxiety has diminished. As for the ADD I guess will just have to wait and see."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 18 but I have been taking vyvanse since I was 16 years old at 70mg and still taking the same dose. It is 100% better than concerta XL it has changed my life The appetite is not the worst thing I just get really dehydrated and not notice it I can eat after taking it ( 4h after taking it) Keep in mind I have been on stimulant like meds for years now I have grown to fight the appetite effects"
Review of Strattera: "36 year old female with ADHD, Depression, Fibromialgia, Severe Menopausal hot flashes, and Panic Attacks: total hysterectomy at 29.  Strattera #22 or so on my list of Antidepressants, Nerve Pills, Sleeping Pills, Hormones, Herbal supplements, etc.  The Gyno got with the Psychiatrist and weeded out tons of things that I'm severely allergic to and came to the Strattera (no red dye, sulfa, codeine,..).  It eliminated hot flashes entirely, I lost 50 pounds, I focus better.  All else I just have to deal with.  It makes me severely nauseated and gives me a migraine every day and makes my heart beat irregularly pretty often and I can't eat after it at all, but I am up living, working, playing with my grandchildren, NOT sleeping and crying."
Review of Atomoxetine: "My son, now 10, was diagnosed with impulse control issues. He has always had As and Bs in school and always loves to read. He gets bored alot in class and his impulse control (blurting out, saying what's on his mind/no filter) had caused him to be put in alternative school (where his grades began to falter). Over the summer, we had him evaluated and they said that meds would help. Our general physician didn't want to put him on a stimulant and suggested Straterra. First 2 months @ 60mg. Lost 15lbs (which put him at the right weight actually) and slept all the time. Backed off to 40mg since then and he's maintained his weight, sleeps well and maintained grades. Too bad our monthly script cost increased x9. Looking for a cheaper alternative."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "Im 17 years old and I've taken Focalin Xr 30mg for most of my life and as much as it helps in school i would not recommend taking this at all, like most people with adhd I am pretty good socially and when I'm on focalin i become very pannicky, you cant eat and for me i feel like pukigg if i try to eat, my body becomes achy and my mouth gets really dry and mucusy, sleeping is a nightmare, I have tried to make this work, even took it every single day to build up a tolerance, but its always the same thing. Sure, i managed to sit down and get my work done but when the work is done and school done for the day you feel strange, like not in your own skin. A tutor is the best thing that has happened to me along with b12 vitamins."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I'm so much more focused at work and home. But I noticed, if I don't eat, I'm a space cadet. Eating is very important,  otherwise you're just wasting a good medicine. I also have ALOT more energy, By Far! I work the overnight shift at work, and it helps very much.  Thanks Adderall."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Started strattera (atomoxetine) after trying concerta as doctor said the non-stimulant might suit me better than the stimulant medication. The side effects of this drug were not as bad as taking the stimulant but after being on it for over 3months, the only benefit i noticed was improved sleep. Sleep through for like 7 hours where as before was waking up several times throughout the night. Generally felt weird taking this drug and had increased anxiety. Can't say that it helped any of my ADHD symptoms, actually made them worse maybe partly due to increased anxiety therefore doctor has taken me off it."
Review of Adderall XR: "My 10 year old son has taken Adderall XR for about 3 years now. This medication is amazing! Twenty years ago my oldest son was diagnosed with ADHD and I refused to medicate him because all of the children I knew that were medicated were "zombies". This time when I had  a child with ADHD I decided it was not fair to not medicate him and am so glad I did. With Adderall, he is alert and well behaved (for the most part). He says he can focus instead of daydreaming all the time. Insomnia and loss of appetite are the only problematic side effects we have, but have been easily remedied with Pediasure and melatonin. I take him off medicines two weekends per month to be sure he's not getting dependent and he goes right back to his normal ADHD self."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "5th month on Vyvanse 30 mg which is on the lower dose end. This med has an awful crash. I exercise 4-6x a week. I eat very healthy. I stay busy. I read so many reviews about the same issue. I did reading about the "minimal" crash felt on this med and it is so scary how pharmaceutical companies try to set the med apart. For me it lasts 6 hrs and irritability increases. I think it's in-part tolerance. Mid afternoon, I get severely irritable, anxious, moody, sleepy, and agitated. It is so uncomfortable, I'm supposed to "up" my dose now...to see it last longer and my "crash" will start later"? "
Review of Guanfacine: "My 11 year old son has ADHD with anxiety disorder.  This medication has helped him manage his anxiety (he is much happier) and he is able to focus better on managing everything from time to his emotions.  He has better stamina mentally and can perform mental tasks for longer periods of time.  He is also acting more mature and being more responsible. He takes 2mg at night 1 hour before bed along with gummy melatonin to help him sleep.  He sleeps well and feels good during the day.  Overall this medication has helped him a great deal.  It's like it took him out of his anxious rut and gives him a better outlook."
Review of Strattera: "I have been on Strattera for almost a year. This is the only ADD medicine I have tried so I do not have experience with others. It helps me focus in on one thing and gives my brain a rest from all the thoughts. It also helps me sleep at night because my mind is not wandering. Some side effects I have experienced is weight loss (almost extreme from 120 to 100 in 5 months) although I have gained about 5 pounds back and am still working on it. Also I am very thirsty all the time, so keep water with you everywhere! . Lastly I have to take it on a full stomach or else it will give me a severe stomach ache.Overall, this medicine has really helped me be able to enjoy life and want to spend time with the people I love!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I started on the medication and it worked fine. A month later if i didn't take it i would get huge mood swings and usually start crying about everything. in those mood swings i usually felt like i was worthless and couldn't do any thing right."
Review of Vyvanse: "I feel like Im being a little generous by giving Vyvanse a 3 because it does work to some degree, but I have very unpleasant side effects from it. My doctor finally switched me to generic Adderall IR-thank God-and its fantastic. I must be abnormal with how I digest Vyvanse or something because I find it far more potent, and not in a good way. It gives me serious dry mouth, diahrrea, anxiety, excessive sweating, and depression. The effect was different almost everyday: some days were okay, a lot were terrible, and a few were good. It muted most of my emotions except a general sense of discomfort. But I could focus when it didnt make me depressed. On the hand, Adderall IR is a cake walk and I feel great in general."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Love this medicine! Tried all the others, Vyvanse definitely works the best. I stay on task, focused, more organized and been moving up in my field. 29 yr old female, 30mg dose. The only negative is if I don't take it for a day or 2 on the weekends then start again is at first it makes me real jittery and makes me go to the bathroom until my bowels are essentially cleaned out, but that's really not a bad thing. Also I love the way it curbs my appetite and keeps me around 115 lbs without even trying(I'm 5'3"). A very pleasant side effect!! I was on 70 mg a couple years ago but I was getting a little too skinny(stable around 106-108 lbs), so decreased the dosage."
Review of Dexedrine: "Was switched from Adderall XR to generic Dexedrine. I got an ineffective brand of Adderall (yes, some brands are better than others). The positive effects were gone and the negative effects were enhanced. My blood pressure was great, around 102-117 systolic and 75-85 diastolic but my pulse was way too high 110-130. For the most part I loved Dexedrine, it worked very well and without the L-Amphetamine in Adderall my pulse rate was good 85-102. My only complaint was that the length of time it worked was inconsistent. Some days it would last 45 min other days it would last 2 hours. After speaking to my psych doc we decided to switch to Vyvanse instead of having to take 3 or 4 Dexedrine pills a day. Other than length of duration this is great."
Review of Bupropion: "It did not help with my focus at all. frequent urination, hot flushes, more energy but did nothing for my ADD."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm a 24 year old female who was diagnosed with ADD last July. I've been on Ritalin, Adderall and now Vyvanse. I started off on Vyvanse 30 mg about a month ago. It didn't do a thing for me. My doctor upped my dosage to 50 mg a little over a week ago. Since then things haven't been too pretty. My mind is clear, which is great but I'm completely unmotivated to do anything. I don't want to clean. I don't want to leave my house. I don't want to do anything. I feel exhausted. I guess it's like a zombie like state that I wouldn't mind if I didn't have a child and a house to care for. I'm hoping my doctor will switch me to Adderall XR. I've always lacked energy and this definitely isn't helping."
Review of Guanfacine: "My son is 11 yrs old and was diagnosed with ADHD since he was 6 yrs and was on other medicines for 2 yrs now. He started Intuniv since last week and I have not seen any changes but I have read the reviews hoping to see some changes like u guys, will keep you posted."
Review of Adderall XR: "Having been recently diagnosed with ADD at the age of 31, I would have to say that stimulant therapy has been a God send! My doctor first prescribed Ritalin-SR, and I felt it was not as effective as it could be, so she changed my prescription to Adderall-XR 20 mg and I feel it is working. I feel more focused at work with better concentration. I don't procrastinate as often as I have (my entire life), but one unexpected result of the therapy is I no longer feel irritable and short-tempered! I also don't feel frustrated as much as I used too. My staff and co-workers have noticed the difference and have told me they don't feel the need to "walk on egg-shells" around me! So in summation, Adderall is certainly doing the trick!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have only been using it for 3 weeks. I am 38 years old and only now been tested for ADHD (it seems I have had it all my life). Now I can sit still in one place longer, start and finish a task, etc."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was on this med for a little over a week. Right off it made me feel great everything was good. And I really liked it and I was happy I found something that worked. But after a week it started to make me really really  hungry I could not get rid of the hunger. So I had to stop taking it. I have a hard time to find a med. that works. I had the genetic tests done and there is a lot of meds I can't take. So it is hard to find one that works. I have ADHD and there is not much meds I can take. Vyvanse was a  question but it worked well just made me hungry. I wished it did not make me hungry. Now I hope my Doctor puts me on another ADHD med."
Review of Amphetamine: "My 7 year old daughter is severe ADHD.  Prior to Dyanavel XR, our best experience was with 30 mg of adderall XR.  But that had a profound effect on her appetite and ability to interact with other people.  We tried concerta which left her very defiant, Focalin and Vyvance were completely ineffective.  We tried Dyanavel for the first time one months ago.  I can't believe the difference.  She has an appetite, she socializes, she has a personality, she stays in her seat at school and actually works in her assignments.  After 4 days on this medication, her teacher called me and asked what had changed because she couldn't believe the difference. The only downfall is nighttime.  She consistently wakes up around 4-5 am with dreams."
Review of Concerta: "Yes it helped a lot and i love the fact that i can concentrate now because before i couldn't concentrate at all. The thing is that after a few hours, i start to feel really depressed and really emotionnal but i love the fact that i can express myself better now."
Review of Mydayis: "Today was my first day on mydayis 50mg. I was taking vyvanse 50mg but it was only helping for about 4-5 hours then wearing off. Today I could really tell the difference in my concentration/ focus and my energy; it was much better. I did however feel tired about an hour to two hrs after taking it but then got  motivation after that for the remainder of the day. Like I said my focus was better I wasnt running around my house like a crazy woman starting a ton of tasks and finishing none. I was able to get things accomplished pretty easily today. I am remaining hopeful that mydayis will continue to work for me."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 6 year old daughter was put on Daytrana about 8 months after trying Vyvanse and Strattera without success. We had immediate results. She was focused and even her handwriting improved. The patch did leave a red mark that I found Eucerin cream was good for. Here is the but: She developed a tic.  Don't let this discourage you. I know of others on Daytrana who have been taking it for over a year with no tics. It really worked great."
Review of Quillivant XR: "The dosing was 0.5mg x 2 doses, daily. The first few days (1-4) were great. We noticed more our 5 yr old soon looking at us for longer periods of time when speaking to him. Also, he seemed to turn his work (kindergarten) completed, the teacher was impressed with that. However, his ODD (more defiant) became worse at the end of the first week, he began hiding under his desk saying "don't look at my face," and more emotional all around. At the end of the week, he had 2-3 full on accidents (urination on himself, in the daytime.) This was where I put my foot down and dropped this drug. My son did not have any problems with bladder control before this drug. I am not going to continue this with out reassurance from prescribing doctor."
Review of Guanfacine: "I'm ADD, no H included. My 11 year old daughter is also ADD. Ritalin has always worked just fine for me however, I decided to try intuniv after my Dr. prescribed it for my daughter, saying that it was better because it wasn't habit forming and that it wasn't a stimulant. After 2 weeks of feeling extremely tired I then began to have headaches, feel like I was going to collapse at any given moment, and couldn't even drive due to the extreme comatose state I felt I was in. My vision also became blurred and I was very dizzy. I can see how this medication might benefit someone with ADHD as it lowers blood pressure and seems to slow the person down but I don't recommend it for ADD. It was a miserable nightmare! I took my daughter off it as well."
Review of Concerta: "Personally, I hated it.During my time on ADHD medication I was almost always in trouble at school, failing classes, suffered from mood swings, from the first grade to the end of the ninth grade and also looked anorexic during that time. Once I got off the medication, I could finally feel like a human being and was happy, but I gained a surprising amount of weight that (5'9" and 110lbs to 5'9" and 162lbs) I have spent the next three almost four years trying to replace the fat with muscle. Getting off the medication was the best thing to happen to me as I could actually pass my classes and graduate high school."
Review of Guanfacine: "I don't care for this medicine I developed a rash on both my arms and was so confused I don't suggest adults use this for adhd"
Review of Concerta: "This medication is amazing!! Be patient and try it! All ADHD medications (like any other medication for anything) have side-effects but I have learned Concerta's do go away once you let your body do the talking: push through the 1-6 days of anxiety/depression/hyperactivity, etc., and be open to what it can do for you once your body gets used to it. I am 21 years old and I am on 54mg AND I take a side-effect medication called INTUNIV XR (2mg) that cured the anxiety side-effect which I found to come about half way through the day and when the Concerta was wearing off. This side effect comes about because Concerta is not a gradual release but 2 releases of the medicine- it drops off and may cause anxiety for a short time during the day."
Review of Vyvanse: "Felt more attentive and helped take away depression I had lived with for years."
Review of Strattera: "Made me feel totally disconnected from social interaction,life,etc. its like it closed my head in."
Review of Ritalin LA: "I have been using Ritalin for 5 years, at first it helped me in social situations. Now I use it to concentrate. The 40mg capsule with release holds for 7 hours, only downside is that I loose my appetite for those 7 hours. I went from being an almost dropout in elementary to a high achiever in high school. Now I am in university and ritalin definitely helped me."
Review of Adderall XR: "Since starting Adderall XR about 6 months ago, I am more focused and headstrong than ever. I can actually DO the things I used to enjoy, such as birdwatching (which requires extreme focus) and practicing music (again, extreme focus). Once my attention locks in, I'm good to go; which is a first! Furthermore, it seems to help with my emotions; I feel more balanced and self confident on it, I don't feel like such a "headcase" and so emotionally fragile. Kind of sort of a miracle drug. Did it make me suddenly do things I have been putting off, such as cleaning and sorting out paperwork? No. But can I clean and do paperwork with more patience and ease? Yeah. The only side effects I experienced that were negative was extreme appetite suppressment"
Review of Guanfacine: "My grandson has been on this for over a month. He is a different person, when he is on this. He is not a good eater and never has been so the doctor weighs him a lot. He is only 5 but you could not stand the person he was without medication. He takes this with Vyvanse and it is great!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been taking Vyvanse for 3 months now I felt really good on the 30mg but it wasnt lasting all day so my Dr changed me to 40mg last month but I'm no longer able to take it due to the stomach aches and nausea I would get everyday. I'm now back on the 30mg and feeling great."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This drug has changed my life. It has allowed me to focus not only on my job but also things at home that need attention. I feel smarter, I can think better and clearer. I find I tend to make lists and start checking things off the list as they are accomplished. I never start something and do not finish it as I did before. I look forward to it. I enjoy work more. I feel less stress and anxiety. I do not feel it is habit forming. There have been times when I have forgotten to take it and I did not notice it. The only difference is normally when I have taken the drug I don't have an appetite and when I forget to take it I tend to eat a lot."
Review of Strattera: "Stratterra is incredible. I began taking it in 5th grade, after Adderall and Ritalin both failed me. I heard from my doctor that Strattera works for a less percentage of people than stimulants (like Adderall and Ritalin), but if you have had trouble with stimulants, Stratterra is worth a try. I have generalized anxiety disorder, and both Adderall and Ritalin caused me to have spontaneous anxiety attacks. While Strattera does not treat my anxiety, it does not increase it. Strattera will NOT work automatically, like stimulants. It took about a month for my Strattera to work, and in that month I experienced a lot of nausea, drowsiness and headaches. I encourage you to ask your doctor about Strattera if nothing else has worked."
Review of Vyvanse: "This medicine has changed my life as a student and a person."
Review of Adderall: "36 year old female diagnosed with ADHD. Started on Concerta 30mg daily (2 weeks), no therapeutic effect but had extreme dry mouth, a crash/grogginess in the evenings. Switched to Adderall XR 20mg daily, no therapeutic effect; experienced dry mouth and slight loss of appetite during day, made up for it in evening. Just started 40mg daily and I feel the therapeutic effect. Profound concentration at work, desire to tweak processes, love getting things done, a non-stop interest in being productive with everything. I have this sense of crystal clear clarity of my surroundings, like HDTV sight. Around 5pm, I still feel a crash and extreme tiredness. I will see if I can take a short acting pill to get me through the evening. VERY PLEASED NOW."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have been using Ritalin 10mg for the past 3 weeks now. I am 28 years old and i suspected for a long time now that I have ADHD. Not being able to concentrate or focus, prioritise tasks and having depression (i am not taking medication for this) caused a lot of anxiety for me over the past 4-5 years. Ritalin has helped alot with my studies and kind of calms me. I am pretty quiet when i take it also. Its great for if you need to use it for work or study , but for everyday use I wouldn't like it.- In the first 45mins it gives me a slight euphoric feeling.- Makes me want to do productive activities.- Causes slight headaches if i don't drink plenty of water.I would recommend it.(I have tried adderall in the USA and that was even better)"
Review of Strattera: "Nothing would quite fix me. Not antidepressants, or therapy or Adderall.  Depressed all the time, screaming on the inside.  Had days I literally could not do anything. Unfocused at work, hated my job, life and wife.  Changed psych doctors, prescribed Strattera, titrated more slowly than sample pack, got up to 60 mg. Way happier. Less sensitive - don't get hurt easily. Take criticism better. Wife notices big difference in mood- always thought it was depression.  It's ADD and Strattera is perfect for it.  Just hope it keeps working!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I started taking this drug 6-7 years ago for school and planned to quit when I graduated because it made me anti-social, increase tobacco usage, and want to play video games all night. It was really effecting my personal and social life, plus I hated all of the physical effects (heart rate, cold hands, sweat). However, I enjoyed the high it gives you, and continued taking it after graduating. It helps lock you down at the computer and make boring work less boring. Now, I cannot stop taking it. Every night I lay in bed saying "Ok I have to stop this"., then the next morning I wake up and can't resist taking it. I am going to tell my doctor to cancel my prescription because the cons HEAVILY outweigh the pros."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I never thought I could have done better than how I was before. I am doing better at sports, behavior wise, and paying attention in class."
Review of Concerta: "I was diagnosed with ADD at the end of grade 6 and started taking concerta in grade 7. I had no idea I had ADD and just though everyone was like me. I had no enthusiasm anything with school but after I took concerta I was like ADHD. So much hyperness and wanting to work. After raising the dose to 36mg I started to get very anxious about my heart feeling like it was beating too fast and was having like a panic attack or something so then I dropped back down to 27mg. The side affects I have is weight loss/loss of appitite, heart palpitations, sleep paraylisis, feelings of excitement. It works for me but I hate the side affects. I also lost 5lbs in one week when I first started and 20lbs in 2 years."
Review of Adderall: "I was diagnosed with ADHD unexpectedly when I started going to a counseling center a couple months ago, after I got in trouble for bringing marijuana to school. I was also diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety. I am 15 and this all came as one big unexpected shock to me. I felt useless and pathetic knowing this. I was put on medication for all of the mental disorders, including Adderall. I have always been a good student, but now I am actually able to focus in school and now, I'm excited about going to classes and doing homework. I actually feel like I'm worth something for once."
Review of Vyvanse: "I've been really pleased with the way vyvanse has helped me. On Vyvanse I'm not moody or lifeless like I had been on other drugs. My appetite is still very small and this is kind of a problem because I'm really light anyways. However, if I eat before I take it and snack on healthy things during school hours I don't crash when it wears off. With Vyvanse I've realized it's possible to control my ADD and keep my personality! I was VERY nervous about starting a new drug, but Vyvanse is really the best thing I've tried and my grades in my AP classes are better than they have ever been."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have been on Adderall for several years now and can't say enough good things about the medicine. It helps me to focus on tasks and now that I am in college, it has really helped with my studies. It took me a while to come to the realization that I needed something to help with my ADD and I am glad I was prescribed Adderall. The side effects for me have been loss of appetite. I would have insomnia but I take anti-anxiety medicine before going to bed, to counter-act the medication. My short and unscientific philosophy on Adderall is that it bridges the gap between wanting to do something and actually doing something."
Review of Nuvigil: "I've tried them all--Adderall, Ritalin, Focalin, etc. Nuvigil is somewhat effective, but I find I can only use it when I'm working alone. Too much people interaction is tough. It lasts so long, which can be good, but sometimes not. Even if I take it at 5:30 a.m., I feel like I can't drink even a 1/2 glass of wine in the evening. Also, sometimes I feel very dizzy in the afternoon when I'm on the drug. I'm only taking 40 mg."
Review of Concerta: "Was on Concerta xl for 7 days and had to come off it due to the unbearable side effects of the drug. I  was diagnosed with ADHD (inattentive sub type) generalised anxiety and depression. This drug made me feel very nauseous, gave me a headache, made me shake, gave me twitches throughout my body, messed my brain up in terms of cognition etc, made me very aware of my heartbeat, made me extremely anxious to the point of not being able to leave my room or communicate with anyone and just generally messed me up. At one point i was doing some stretching on a yoga mat to try and calm myself down and i felt so confused that i didn't know what to do with my legs. This drug wasn't for me and caused an unpleasant experience."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Strattera has changed my life, my relationships, and the way I feel about my self. This drug takes time to get into your system mine took about 2 months, with some uncomfortable side effects at first, but one you over come those this medicine truly works. The problem is most people just want to jump to the next drug. I feel like a normal human being I'm no longer extremely reactive, irritable, irrational, and emotionally all over. I have found to be emotional yet stable (I'm not just some zombie) I am not constantly making impulse decisions. I have improved my relationships with my family and friends and feel finally like my self and have control over my life. So great film and I hope many others find the same happiness. female 21"
Review of Atomoxetine: "My husband has ADD, and it really took a toll on our relationship.  He was originally on Vyvanse, but it suppressed his appetite horribly.  It didn't do enough in ratio to the side effects, so he decided to try Strattera.So far, it's been working decently.  His main problem, however, is being able to urinate freely.  I bought him Urinozinc Prostate Formula, and literally the first pill he took, he was able to urinate much more easily.  Conversely, when he forgot a pill the other day, he noticed an immediate difference, and struggled to urinate.  The supplement has allowed him to stay on Strattera.I note this stuff, as I have read that this is a common issue for men taking Strattera.  Hope this helps others."
Review of Vyvanse: "I can honestly say that Vyvanse changed my life. Was diagnosed with ADD at age of 35; my quality of life has improved dramatically with Vyvanse. I sometimes feel as if I should be a spokesperson for this as I rave about how much it has helped me. "
Review of Guanfacine: "Hemiplegic Cerebral Palsy: My son is 8 years old and has started taking Intuniv for his behavior, concentration and mood swings. He does have CP. He has never been diagnosed with ADHD so that concerned me when the neurologist wanted to put him on Intuniv. He's taking 1mg at night and I have to tell you he is a new boy! He's cooperative, sleeping well and he is doing better in class."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "I have been on Focalin XR 10 mg for a week now and it seems to be pretty good. I have ADHD/ADD and I was on Vyvanse but it made me very moody and also made me drop 20 pounds in two months. Also noticed impulses on that medication. Focalin seems to be different I feel a bit zombish but I feel its not an issue. And I also have somewhat of an appetite. I feel much more focused."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I'm a 31yr old female, 5'4, 115lbs. I was 1st prescribed adderall in 2012, so I've taken it about 3 1/2 yrs. within that time there's ben a few situations that forced me 2 go with out meds for a week or more, which reminded me how much it helps! Without it I could sleep 18hrs for days & still be wanting 2 sleep an hr or so after getting up! I can sleep while taking it, but don't have the strong compulsion to. The first day taking it I've learned 2 only take half bc if not it feels like I'm on cocaine, even after just a week of not having it. But the 2nd day & thereafter is fine.I  never experiencd any "comedown" like some ppl. The only negative is without it I get agitated easily & get on my own nerves when it comes 2 lack of concentration, forgetfulness,n sleeping 2 much."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 33 yr old male, I started taking Vyvanse yesterday and it is the first medication that I have ever taken for anything really. I was B student in school because I refused to do homework, I couldn't concentrate enough to motivate myself to do it and I suffered in college for it. Now I manage restaurants. I am happy with that choice but lately as pressures from work seemed to increase, I chose to see a psychiatrist to help me complete tasks. I am taking 50mg a day, I usually wait until noon to dose since I work until 1 am most nights. So far, so good, a little jittery but it is new to my system. Slight loss of appetite but nothing that concerns me. I am happy with my choice so far."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son has been taking the medication for a week on Tuesday and all I have to say is that he is doing a lot better. His teacher noticed a difference on the first day, so did my son. He stated to me that he can actually focus on lessons and listen to the lesson with no problem.  The only thing that I can say is that my son said that he doesn't want to eat as much but he eats anyway because he knows he needs to and at night he wakes up once.  The doctor did tell us that, that may happen in the beginning but that it will ware off."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 20 years old and have been on Vyvanse 50mg for about 4 months now. I find this medication has helped me a lot. I've tried others but nothing can compare to this. I never finished high school but since I started taking Vyvanse I have switched my life around. I started school and am making high marks. This medication has changed my life for the better."
Review of Evekeo: "Evekeo made me feel like I had the flu. I felt like I had stayed up until 5am drinking tequila. I had had no alcohol at all. My muscles ached, I was exhausted, I felt like I was going to puke, and I could barely move. I went back to Vyvanse after 2 days. It ends too early for me, but doesn't make me miserable."
Review of Intuniv: "I started intuniv when I was 11 almost 12 and those first 6 months were hell, I would sleep from the time I got home from school so 3 p.m. until 6 a.m. the next morning and WAS STILL TIRED! I would fall asleep in class or on the bus it was miserable. We told the doctor and she said well just push through it and push through the tiredness, might I add if you were ever on this medicine it is not a tired you can just push through. But I tried to anyways for the next year or so and I would not sleep everyday as much but there were some days where I would sleep the entire days away! It did get better but I would still fall asleep in class and be exhausted constantly!! FINALLY when I was 15 the dr took me off of that and its been so wonderful!!!"
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "At 53,andtwo weeks ago I was diagnosed with ADHD after my 23 year old son was diagnosed with ADD and questions being brought up about my ADHD behaviours.The last two weeks have been the best and most peaceful of my life. Over so many years I have developed ways to deal with my advanced ADHD but I always felt like I was living on top of life and not within it. Most of my day was pushing against unknown anxieties constant head noise and almost unnatural abilities to work within chaotic events. Probably because my whole being was a chaotic mess. Just  2 weeks and oh the joy of peace but still with energy. Oh the ability to think on one subject at a time without locking into super hyper focus shut out the world mode . Did I say oh the peace "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Took XR but IR is a little heavy for me. Now I split my meds in half 5mg 2-3 times a day. Duration seems better than XR. I take lamictal as well. IR helps me get more done but I don't feel personally that the good outweigh the bad. I have reached a norm. Weight. I eat healthier I look healthier. And I take better care of my body. At first - dry skin slightly, hyper focused (my body did not know how to react) I smelT AWFUL at first! Haha I sweat it out ew! I can't find this side effect anywhere. It can take a toll if you don't take care of your body. Stay healthy."
Review of Vyvanse: "My daughter is 8 years old and have been taking medicines since she was almost 4. She has been on a lot of different medicines. I am just wondering if her sudden outburst of happy, sad violent behavior is due to the doctors increasing her Vyvanse from 20mg to start with 1 year ago to 70mg which is what she is taking today."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 9 year old daughter has been on this for about 2 months.  We switched from Adderall XR due to severe weight loss.  This seems to work much better and also does not affect her personality like Adderall.   She has some loss of appetite but not as bad.   Yesterday I forgot to give the medication to her and she had a severe crying spell last night and did not know why.  I believe she may have been experiencing withdrawal symptoms.  She is taking 40 mg.   I may switch back to 30mg.  Be aware that you may not be able to stop this medication abruptly if on it for a long time."
Review of Strattera: "Started Strattera treatment two months ago and it has been amazing. I can focus like a normal person (25 years old, 82 kg), without the need of glancing at my phone every two minutes. I could even listen to people and not having the need of interrupting them as always. I had some side effects (dry mouth, if I wake up too fast I get dizzy, difficulties to pee sometimes, sometimes erections are difficult to keep) but I can live with them since they not always happen. I can have orgasms like normal and I sleep like a baby since I take it. Everything went better but honestly, like every drug for ADHD, it's better to make short pauses to evaluate whether you need to change or suspend the treatment. I really recommend it."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I have suffered from ADHD since childhood. After trying several medications, Ritalin is the only one that continues to work for me."
Review of Strattera: "Been on Straterra for about a month now. Only thing I've noticed is that it gives me heart burn. I've also become more agitated. Has not helped with focus at all.Still daydream. Still very forgetful. This medication really sucks for me. I know alot of Dr's hate giving stimulant drugs for ADHD but it's what helps me. I personally think if you are gonna take a non-stimulant drug you might as well take all-natural meds."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "My 15 yo son who has innattentive ADHD was taking adderall since 7th grade.  He is now in 10th.  For the longest  time  he has been having anger issues, he is easily  irritated by other students talking in class, noise on the bus, and his  7 year  old sister.  I was desperately searching online for meds to help with anger with ADHD and asp and found this site. Reading all the  comparisons of adderall and dexedrine, others having the same situation and most improving on the dex I hoped  that his problem was the adderall.  Went  to the doctor told her all of the above.  She seemed a little skeptical about it but was willing  to give it a try.  I don't  want to jinx myself or my son but so far so good even helped sister with homework."
Review of Adderall: "I too have gone through my whole life with undiagnosed ADHD and I have to say that I have lost so many years of my life both academically and personal. I've been recently diagnosed with ADHD and started Ritalin. I could not tolerate Ritalin. It made me feel like a zombie along with bad headaches. My MD switched me to Adderall and It has changed my life. I wish I would have sought help years ago but I was too embarrassed to seek mental health help. I've been on 30 mg per day of Adderall for 1.5 months now and its worked great except that I think this dose is too low as I have to split the 30 mg into two doses per day. 20 mg works great for me but the other 10 mg I have to take doesn't do much for me."
Review of Daytrana: "I started taking Daytrana a few days ago. It is mostly good but my only problem is my loss in appetite. For the past two days I've really only eaten breakfast and that's when I just put the patch on. I have barely eaten anything besides little spoonfuls of soup and Mac and cheese."
Review of Vyvanse: "My son has been on this medication since September. I have taken him off. I didn't even recognize him his emotions were so high and the anger and aggression was unbelievable!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "I've been on Strattera since 3rd grade. And I don't understand why so many people are against it. I have only experienced good results with this drug. My grades have increased, I am able to focus in class, and I can excel and prosper. My doctor has told me that eventually I will be weaned off of Strattera because my brain should be able to adapt. All I can say is. I never experienced any horrible side effects, if any. I can't say I remember any side effects. And I know that it is not addictive since I am able to stop taking the drug during the summer time. I've had a moderately positive experience on Strattera. I hope everyone else does too."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Been taking this for 2 months. I've tried nearly every other ADHD med. I take IR Methylphenidate 10mgs BID. Although it helps w/ concentration and motivation in my day to day activities, there are downsides.Pros:%u2022very cheap%u2022 makes me feel the best, I genuinely enjoy learning and taking notes in class, among other things%u2022helps w/ Social Anxiety Disorder, I'm more talkativeCONS:%u2022Increases impulsivity (e.g. Online shopping, among other things)%u2022depresses me, makes me more suicidal%u2022terrible drop off when meds wear off, intense anxiety and depression...Personally, side effects are too dangerous for me and outweigh the pros. Hope this helps"
Review of Methylphenidate: "This medication is amazing!! Be patient and try it! All ADHD medications (like any other medication for anything) have side-effects but I have learned Concerta's do go away once you let your body do the talking: push through the 1-6 days of anxiety/depression/hyperactivity, etc., and be open to what it can do for you once your body gets used to it. I am 21 years old and I am on 54mg AND I take a side-effect medication called INTUNIV XR (2mg) that cured the anxiety side-effect which I found to come about half way through the day and when the Concerta was wearing off. This side effect comes about because Concerta is not a gradual release but 2 releases of the medicine- it drops off and may cause anxiety for a short time during the day."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "First i want to say that everyone is different and not everyone reacts the same to medication. I started with Concerta, it didn't work for me at all. I didn't feel like myself, it took over my personality and I started to have heavy anxiety, panic attacks, anti social and paranoia.Then I got Vyvance and its life changing, It doesn't feel like I'm on a prescription. It's more a tool that helps me get through everyday life. I'm much calmer, I can concentrate on one thing at the time. I get so much more done and I feel like I'm in peace with my mind. My patience has improved, I'm less impulsive and I can sit for a long time straight without feeling bubbly or restless.Side effect- Dry mouth, no appetite. But EAT and eat smart, it gets back."
Review of Intuniv: "My daughter is 8. She started on Concerta over a year ago, didn't work long enough. The doctor started her on Intuniv for ADHD and Lexapro for depression. After about 3 weeks it was working great. She calmed down, started doing her school work AND homework. The worst side effect she has is dry mouth. I think if I can get that under control she will be great."
Review of Intuniv: "Has really helped with mood swings. Helps control violent outbursts."
Review of Methylphenidate: "It helps, but not for very long. But it definitely doesn't make me as irritable as other ADHD medications"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "While not perfect, this drug helped me achieve around an 80% improvement in my focus, attention, and ability to see tasks through to the end.  I take 20mg IR in the morning and 20mg early in the afternoon.  I was never diagnosed with A.D.D when I was a kid likely because I barely went to see doctors as a child.  I used illicit drugs my whole life until it caused me to almost kill myself.  After being clean for a year, I noticed my problems persisted with attention, focus, and finishing tasks.  After seeing a Psychiatrist and getting a proper test/diagnosis,  I'm grateful.  It's helped a lot."
Review of Guanfacine: "My 8 year old son was prescribed 2mg in the morning. He has  been on it for two weeks. At first it helped him concentrate in school but he was still aggressive with his sister and others. Week two, he now cries almost everyday at school and at home. He constantly talks about death. He keeps asking me if I will wait for him in heaven when I die. It is awful to see my innocent little boy go through this. I took him off of it right away. Vyvanse worked for him a lot better at the lowest dosage."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have taken Adderall for over 6 yrs now. At first it was the best!  All my problems were solved. Higher concentration, longer attention span, lower appetite, more sociable.  It was awesome. But over the years the side effects have caught up to me.  Increased sweating, higher pulse rate, higher blood pressure, lower quality of sleep, dazed. My shoulder muscles are so tense all the time its almost painful.  I'm prescribed 60mg a day, and that used to be great, but now if I take more than 30 mg my sleep quality suffers to the point where I'm a zombie the next day.  Then I have to take more to feel normal, then I can't sleep again the next night.  But if I don't take it, I'm completely useless for about 4 days.  Therefore, I can't stop taking it."
Review of Concerta: "Iv'e been on comcerta 2 weeks now n just gone up to 36mg I've had ADHD all my life and only just been diagnosed, always wondered why I can be anything I want end up going off the rails! Anyways this medication has basically changed me in a good way, I think if u really have ADHD this medication works n only doesn't work when u haven't got it! First week struggled sleeping but fine now, n theres no loss on my appetite I just don't crave the sugar n junk food that I used to so its a win win for me coz I'm a boxer and been in sport all my life! I can focus proper n its basically a miracle, for me, so far like :)"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This drug provides great concentration for a couple hours. However, after a couple hours I predictably experience extreme anxiety, depression, and irritability. It can easily cause you to get into an argument with someone you love because you are so easily irritated and frustrated by anything. The anxiety is the worst. Being a previous smoker, Adderall increases my craving to smoke by ten fold (a habit I have quit and hardly have cravings for anymore). I also find that the drug clouds my ability to think when doing brain intensive work such as programming, math, or even typing. I think that might be related to the dosage though. I don't recommend this medication to anyone (other than those with severe ADHD)."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Can not believe how much this med has helped me. So much more focused and I'm able to tackle larger projects with out feel so overwhelmed. I'm in my 50s and did not even think I had ADHD. My Dr picked up on that. Life is so much better now. I have been de cluttering and organizing my home and life like I have always wanted to do. Very happy with this med"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "Great at first, then you titrate up, and eventually you plateau and realize it's not working as well as it did and you're a junkie if you keep jacking up the dosage.  I gave it up and don't miss it."
Review of Evekeo: "Much better than vyvanse. A lot smooth and MUCH more consistent."
Review of Intuniv: "I am 39 and have dealt with my ADD for all my life. May of 2012 the Dr. started me out on 1mg, after a week, I could tell a difference.  Like a filing cabinet in my brain. However, I was VERY tired. So I decided to take at night. (I've always had a hard time shutting my brain off to sleep)  Next week she upped me 2 mg. After a few days, I started to notice I focus more...GREAT!!, and I was sleeping better!!  She then put me on 3 mg. I couldn't tolerate it! I started getting hot flashes and thought I was going to pass out!  I couldn't sit out in the sun, I had to stay in. So she lowered me back to 2mg. A year later and its the best decision I have ever made.  My brain is calm, I am focused and sleep like a bear!"
Review of Amphetamine: "This medicine made me feel so tired and sluggish."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "I have ADHD and this medication works!"
Review of Concerta: "This is not the drug for everyone. I was absolutely miserable on Concerta. I was restless, anxious, needy, fidgety, irritable, and depressed. My psychiatric practitioner attempted to cure these symptoms by prescribing higher doses. I eventually had a meltdown. As soon as I stopped, it was like I was instantly better. I know this drug works wonders for some people, but please be careful."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 20 yrs old and I have been taking Vyvanse for about 2 years now ...I take 60mg about the same time each morning and it really does wonders in helpig me concentrate and getting everything done both at home and school. I've noticed a BIG difference in myself on the days I do take it and on the days I don't. Only side effects are the loss of appetite, headaches from not eating (from the loss of appetite), dry mouth, irritability and now I have depression.. Don't know if I should lower my dosage now or maybe it's from another cause."
Review of Desvenlafaxine: "Wow. Pristiq is AMAZING. I've had severe depression since I was 13/14 and have been on everything under the sun. Nothing has worked as well as Pristiq. The only side effects I have noticed are:1) Increased happiness2) Easier to organize thoughts3) Increased motivation4) Decreased appetite5) Lows aren't as low 6) Less irritable I'm currently looking for something to pair with Pristiq to get my ADHD in check. Hopefully I can find something!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I started taking Daytrana a few days ago. It is mostly good but my only problem is my loss in appetite. For the past two days I've really only eaten breakfast and that's when I just put the patch on. I have barely eaten anything besides little spoonfuls of soup and Mac and cheese."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am a 43 yo mom of 2 (3 if you count my husband). I can't stress enough how much Vyvanse has completely changed my life. I was diagnosed with ADD after my oldest received her diagnosis about 10 yrs ago. I've tried Adderall, Concerta, & the like and even on high doses, NEVER experienced the clarity & energy I've gotten on just 20mg of Vyvanse. I've just started taking it 2 weeks ago & wish I had discovered this medicine years ago! The only issue is that this week I titrated up to 30mg and have noticed some irritability, so I think I'll go back to the lower dose.  Love, love, LOVE my new lease on life thanks to Vyvanse!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm quite depressed and bad at schoolwork. When I take Concerta especially high doses, I do much better at school and my depression goes away. It feels like I'm completely stoned and I have no emotions. I also lost 10 pounds in a month going from 105 to 95 it's kinda cool being this skinny, my friends think I'm anorexic but I'm just not hungry."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall XR 20mg, doesn't help me at all.  I can't tell I took it.  The manufacturer is Activas Pharm"
Review of Strattera: "I had such high hopes for this med to work out but it simply does not do it for me. I have suffered with ADD my entire life and after being over medicated on anti-depressants, bi-polar meds and anxiety meds my neurologist put me on this. I did not want to take another drug that could possibly become addictive however now that I have been on it for 8 months and get almost no relief I do plan on switching to something different. It may work for some but did not do well for me personally."
Review of Vyvanse: "I have only been on this medicine for about two weeks at 20mg but it has completely changed me! It's awesome! I suffer from Depression, Anxiety, and ADD and was prescribed Lexapro to help with me depression and anxiety, it bumped up my mood a little but I still had depression and anxiety symptoms. The first day I took Vyvanse it kicked in after an hour and automatically I was more awake, happy, confident, talkative, and focused! It helped me so much with college when before I was failing almost all my classes I am in such a better mood now LIFE IS GREAT! The only down side so far is it makes me really hungry at times and I have trouble falling asleep and staying asleep through out the night but it's worth it!!"
Review of Adderall: "Started taking Adderall about 3.5 years ago while in my early twenties for ADD. After already been diagnosed at around 7 my parents refused to put me on medicines. I was never able to sit still, go a day without being extremely restless in class, and many times was sent to the office for being loud. After extreme fatigue and no motivation to finish anything including zero motivation to work, depression, etc. I started Adderall. Has helped so much (at first) things got done, class/work was way smoother. And had interest in things I always struggled to absorb. Cons... tolerance builds fast. Sleep is a must or you feel like a corpse. (After the first few weeks sleep comes easier though.) Nervous.  Jittery. "
Review of Evekeo: "My childs grades have suffered more after beginning evekeo and his behavior is so much worse than before. I honestly cannot wait to to see the Dr. again."
Review of Vyvanse: "I fell like kill myself after a week of taking this drug, very depressed, can't do anything. Stopped yesterday. Wast of money!"
Review of Intuniv: "My six year old son has been on Intuniv for 6 months. He has had an improvement in mood, attention and hyperactivity. However, he is tired in the afternoons and it is hard for him not to fall asleep due to how drowsy he is. "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "As a 16 year old junior in highschool, I never seemed to really notice how much I didn't pay attention to things that didn't interest me. As my family and friends have been saying how important getting good grades in junior year is, I thought deeply about it and found out that maybe I just don't care. Although it wasn't that, I really do care, but I just never wanted to sit down and do the homework. Because it's not interesting, even though I know how important it is. I eventually brought this to my mothers attention and she even noticed it for awhile, that maybe I have ADD. Eventually we went to a special Dr, he concluded I have mild/moderate ADD, started me on 15mg last month, didn't last all school day, and today i just picked up my 25mg"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "For symptoms of ADHD (impulsivity, inability to sit still/restlessness, and inability to focus on a task at hand), I give this medication a 10/10. That said, I have Tourette Syndrome, and would caution ANYONE with Tourette Syndrome to stay away from stimulant medications, because they seem to exacerbate existing tics quite aggressively (I have tried 10-40 mg methylphenidate [RITALIN] and 20mg ADDERALL XR). I gave it a 10 based on it's effectiveness for ADHD, but factoring in the aggravation this medicine causes to tics, I would give a 5/10. I have a "good" United Health Care plan, and they would ONLY cover the brand name; even with insurance, the co-pay for a 30-day supply was $35.00."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was officially diagnosed with ADHD around age 28 but it wasn't until 30 that I decided to try medication. I started with Vyvanse. Holy crap! It was amazing. I hadn't realized how much noise went on in my head until it was quiet. Then I could have linear thought patterns. For the first time ever my life started to come together. I could see tasks in processes, I could think clearly, I could manage my emotions. It was amazing. Then the side effects kicked in. My dr and I went through every other adhd medication there was and nothing helped. I did more research and found that my problem was that all of the medications use dyes which gave me flu like symptoms. Vyvanse uses the most dyes so made me the sickest. I now take it out of capsule."
Review of Adderall: "I am 23 now and I was diagnosed at the age of 8 with ADHD. I was put on Ritalin until I was 17. Ritalin made me stay up all night, it made me depressed. It was a terrible experience. Adderall really helped me, it keeps me focused and on task and just overall it has changed my life."
Review of Strattera: "My daughter is 11 years old and she has been on 10mg of strattera for 28 days and has just jumped to 18mg. My concerns are the side effects. Skin rash, headaches and severe stomach cramps since going onto the higher dosage. Do I persist or take her off? Doctor wants me to persist but I am worried I am doing more harm. She battles to fall asleep taking pill at 6pm and in bed at 8:15pm. She cried every morning because she is tired. Should I be taking it in the morning?"
Review of Methylphenidate: "My 11 yo has been on concerta for 2 months. The first few days he did experience some nausea although went away. After the first week I could tell a huge difference in his attitude.. He suddenly had a sense of humor, engaged in conversation without being distracted, and was bringing home/completing homework with no trouble! His grades have immensely improved!! I can tell a difference (not huge) on the weekend days he doesn't take it. Or if he didnt sleep well the night before and when it begins to wear off in the evening he tends to be a little grouchy. Only other down side I've noticed so far is that he has lost approx 4lbs/mo which is concerning if it continues. So far, happy with the results!"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My son started Vyvanse two weeks ago and the difference is incredible. He has never had behavioral issues and only suffers from ADD. He just couldn't concentrate or stay on task. Reading was a nightmare and he was barely managing to pass. We were scared of trying any medicines but are so glad that we did. He did experience a few side effects such as headaches and nausea the first few days, but those have passed. Most important, he is still my son, no zombies. Homework is easy and his teacher already reports better grades. I encourage any parent to at least try this medicine. It has improved our quality of life even. We have more time for fun stuff and I don't have to nag him constantly to do his normal chores. They get done the first time."
Review of Guanfacine: "Tried guanfacine for a week, have not noticed any effects except maybe my son is more argumentative, but it's not helping his ADHD at all. Strattera works much better than guanfacine, since he can't take the stimulants. I recommend Strattera to anyone else who has had a problem with side effects from Ritalin or Adderall."
Review of Adderall XR: "Adderall is overall a good ADD medicine. The only side effects I get are insomnia and weight loss but it really does work for school."
Review of Concerta: "My dosage is 27 mg and I take it in the morning before I go to school. It tends to ware off by 12."
Review of Adderall: "I was diagnosed 8 yrs ago with ADD, at 45 I wish I'd had  this info and medication. My life has changed for the better. I do  notice a major difference in the pink 30 mg   verses the orange. The pink ones make me feel like I'm a zombie. They also make me sad and I get red blotches over my body."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I have been taking Vyvanse for 4 years now and I have been on the same dose of 30mg for severe ADHD. A lot of people have trouble staying on the same dose and need to increase because they get used to the drug. Just a tip: take as needed and when you feel the effects wearing off? Drink a one-shot espresso drink NOT an energy drink. Overall, if you are looking for a good ADHD medication I would recommend either Focalin OR Vyvanse. Best of luck!"
Review of Metadate CD: "My 7 year old grandson has had great progress in school on Metadate 20 mg  combined with 2 mg Guanfacine.  He is focused and homework time and evenings are fine.  The only drawback is he's very grouchy and uncooperative when he wakes        up.  He has very little appetite until late evening and everyday at school his belly hurts."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My daughter was put on this for her ADHD and it has worked reasonably thus far. We weren't looking for a miracle cure as everything has its pros and cons. We have Tricare Prime and I pay $25 a month for her bottle."
Review of Vyvanse: "This medicine works extremely well. I have been very pleased with its effects and yielded results in many different areas in my life.  From greatly increased concentration to unknown sources of motivation to succeed, Vyvanse has helped me immensely.I also think that I should put this in here too.  I am eighteen and have experienced depression before.  During one such battle, I thought that a "nice way to end things," would be to really overdose on my medicines.Well, turns out that you just get a really strange night's sleep and an awful stomach ache for a day with your fair share of vomiting.  Needless to say, I learned my lesson and really just told myself how stupid I was and went on with life.However, all in all, this medicine is very good."
Review of Clonidine: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD in 1st grade. He's now in 6th. We've tried so many meds...Concerta, Intuniv, Focalic, Metasomethingoranother, and more. The stimulants caused massive mood swings. And the other stuff just didn't work well either. He's now on Kapvay, the generic form of it, and so far, so good. He takes .1 mg in the morning and we just increased evening to .2mg. The only trouble we've had is sleep. He falls asleep but wakes up by 4am. And then, doesn't fall back to sleep until 6 but has to be awake by 7:30. So, right now, he's texting me to bring him coffee. Not sure what to do about the lack of sleep but I'm really happy with how he's responding otherwise. The mood swings have lessened. Now they just seem tween-typical."
Review of Strattera: "Took this since 3rd grade. It made me tried and I became depressed. After getting off the pills I became myself again. I took it from 3rd grade till about 8th grade. I'm now in 10th grade with no ADHD meds at all."
Review of Concerta: "I was diagnosed with ADHD in 8th grade and put on 20mg of Concerta which has since risen to 54mg extended release in the day and 10mg immediate release in the evening for when I do my homework. At first the medicine was great- it allowed me to focus and my grades went up significantly. However over the past year or so I have been experiencing negative side effects such as depression, headaches, and loss of appetite. I can manage the headaches and appetite problems but as for the depression, it is so bad that I am considering switching to another brand or changing my dose because when I am on Concerta I become virtually emotionless, and as a result I am struggling to maintain good relationships with my friends and family members."
Review of Armodafinil: "NUVIGIL is so far my best medication for ADD. I have both Asperger's Disorder and Attention Deficit Disorder, but NUVIGIL is mostly for my ADD. NUvigil has 1/10 the potency of amphetamine, suppresses hunger more than how much hunger INVEGA would produce, and helps me concentrate. The pill works very well, without the jitters. It also worked as relief for my depression, while taking an antidepressant."
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "My experience is limited since I have only been on this medication for a few days.  I am a medical resident, diagnosed with ADHD at 32. Got sick and tired of my mediocre performance at work. Tried Straterra, Viibryd and Wellbutrin, nothing worked. Just started on Dexedrine 5mg 2-3 times a day. My first day on it, I studied all day until midnight. I was so motivated, I felt great, on top of the world, I was so driven. I noticed an immediate difference in my performance at work and it made me a nicer, less cynical. The bad thing was insomnia, teeth clenching, some nausea, decreased appetite and the drop in my mood once it wore off. I am worried about intolerance which is driving up my anxiety level. "
Review of Amphetamine: "My son has tried everything for ADHD. Vyvanse wears off too quickly and Adderall XR made him moody. We tried the dissolvable tablet but he hated the gritty orange flavor. As a last resort to going back to Vyvanse, the pediatrician put him on the new long acting Dyanavel XR. It lasts all day which is great for all the middle school homework he has in the evenings. My favorite thing about Dyanavel is that he still has his appetite and is sleeping well. The copay card made it cheaper than a generic too!"
Review of Adderall: "Adderall is effective, but it comes with consequences. Both to your physical and mental health. I am 27 years old, I have taken Adderall on and off for about 10 years. Started it my freshman year of college. It was AMAZING at first! Lost that freshman 15, got straight A's, actually ENJOYED my work. Then I started noticing the crash symptoms. Tired, withdrawn, emotionless, sleepless. I stopped taking it because I hated the way it made me feel, but I realized how much more productive I am when taking it. When I start taking it again my immune system is shot, I'm constantly sick with something, I get super irritable. When I don't take it I can barely get out of bed and I always gain weight, which always sucks. It's a vicious cycle."
Review of Intuniv: "My 8 y.o. was prescribed this medication to help with her aggression and hyperactivity. It did not help her, at all. I feel she had actually gotten a little worse while taking it. She had a lot of trouble falling asleep.. she would wide awake at midnight, when 1am some nights. Besides the trouble sleeping issue, she only seemed to experience one other side effect, which was nausea, but only on the first night. I gave it one month and then told her Psychiatrist that it wasn't for her."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son is 7 years old and was dianosed with adhd. He is on Metadate CD and he has been taking it for almost a month now. It seems to be helping him at school, but at home his behavior is uncontrollable and very irritable. He is on only 10 mg and his appetite is slowed down alot."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I think it might be just as good as Adderall. I can't tell fully yet as I haven't totally adjusted to it. I do feel clear headed, focused and content."
Review of Focalin: "I've been taking Focalin XR for the past 6 years and it worked well. This past year it hasn't worked for as long as it used to. It wears off about 1."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "This medicine may help but if I missed a day, or tried to get off it completely, worst experience ever.It's basically pharmaceutical meth, try older meds like dexatrin or Ritalin.Vyvanse withdrawals are awful so once you're on it it's hard to get off"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I'm 24 years old and have taken Adderall over the course of 10 years. I know the only side effect I couldn't control is the stunting of my growth. I'm 5'7" and I only grew 1/2 inch in high school. I'm given 90, 30mg monthly. It has always improved my grades, however knowing that tolerance builds I do not take it all the time. Remember you have to take care of your body, especially your heart and liver, because long-term use side effects are still not concisely known."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I've been taking 60mg of Adderall a day for 14 years now. It's a miracle! I don't think I would have made it through high school or college without it. I started when I was 14 and starting high school. I loathed getting up early, but shortly after taking my pills I was awake and motivated to get ready and go about my day. It made boring classes seem more interesting. It gives you this focus and drive to be productive.I don't feel like myself without them. I'm cranky, unmotivated, eat and sleep a lot if I don't take it. Just be cautious with dosage. You do develop a tolerance to it over time. If your blood pressure goes way up and you feel jittery or shaky, your taking too high of a mg. People should start with 10 or 20mg at first."
Review of Ritalin: "Ritali doesn't work for me but Concerta does. My dosage is 72 mg of Concerta. 200 mg of Seroquel and 20 mg of Ritalin."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "At first it was extremely helpful but after the first year or so of extended use, the effects begin to diminish. Not dramatically but enough to be noticed."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 16 yr old female and was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 6. I was on Ritalin, then something else, then Concerta and it was hard. I had major depression, lack of sleep, lack of appetite and the ability to feel any emotion was gone. Yes I'm an A student but I was not happy, so I tried Vyvance. It doesn't last as long but I am happier. I can feel emotion now and I'm still getting A's and B's."
Review of Dexedrine: "When I was 12 years old. I woke up at 2 in the morning to blindingly agonizing pain, bad enough that I found myself screaming at the top of my lungs. But when I tried to get out of bed I found my strength fail me and plummeted to the ground hitting my head on my night table. My parents found me and brought me to the hospital. I only found out years later when reading a list of side effects and overdose symptoms just how harmful this drug is. The word limit doesn't allow me to even scratch the surface. I will say that it has left serious physiological scars that decades later have still not healed.I cannot deny that it did help me pay attention in class. But I would still advise any parent that loves their child to STAY CLEAR!"
Review of Atomoxetine: "The first meds prescribed to me (NZ) male 19, Stopped taking this immediately, experience almost all the side effects and it is not worth it for me as the body seems to hate it. May be worth a shot for you but I'm not taking this rubbish for 4 weeks to get any benefit for ADHD symptoms not worth all these side effects IMO. Plus I was told I can't stop it once I build it up in my system. No thanks feels like poison in me"
Review of Adderall: "This is the most amazing medicine. I've had problems with being unmotivated, overweight and depressed for years, and this drug can make me feel like a new person. Unfortunately, I'm stuck taking these pills just so I can feel productive. Oddly, though, sometimes even when I'm not on the drug, I feel as if I'm moving in fast motion, but my brain isn't. It's very strange but I can deal with it."
Review of Vyvanse: "I was officially diagnosed with ADHD around age 28 but it wasn't until 30 that I decided to try medication. I started with Vyvanse. Holy crap! It was amazing. I hadn't realized how much noise went on in my head until it was quiet. Then I could have linear thought patterns. For the first time ever my life started to come together. I could see tasks in processes, I could think clearly, I could manage my emotions. It was amazing. Then the side effects kicked in. My dr and I went through every other adhd medication there was and nothing helped. I did more research and found that my problem was that all of the medications use dyes which gave me flu like symptoms. Vyvanse uses the most dyes so made me the sickest. I now take it out of capsule."
Review of Atomoxetine: "Had no side effects while on this medication.  My new insurance would not cover it so I was unable to afford it."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have been on Adderall for a little under a month. Let me say, this is the magic pill. I can focus, sit and watch an actual movie, and pay attention in daily life as well as my college. Love Adderall."
Review of Vyvanse: "I cannot stress enough how thankful I am for this medication. I had always been a very smart kid but my drive and focus would come in very short bursts if I was interested otherwise I could not have cared less. I was prescribed 30mg of Vyvanse initially and that was upped to 50mg which I have been taking for over a year now. My grades went from a 3.2 GPA to a 4.0 within a semester. I excelled at work. I am a more alert driver. Like everyone else has said, I feel as if my thoughts are all organized the way they always should have been and I am finally able to catch up on life, which always seemed out of reach. I strongly prefer this medication over Adderall IR which I tried. There are no negative side effects except insomnia."
Review of Amphetamine: "18 year old college female. I've been medicated for 4 years now and tried concerta (which was hell) and Vyvanse (the devils drug). Evekeo was amazing at first kind of similar to Vyvanse and then it went downhill. Whereas on Vyvanse I just wouldn't eat and was depressed and spacey, this one didn't have side effects like that. But after awhile it made me incredibly mean, and didn't seem to take away the verbal impulse side of the hyperactivity. I'm normally an incredibly happy person but when I'm on this medicine I'm a bitch to whoever over whatever for no reason at all. It did help with the focusing though."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I'm 19 and I've been on Concerta since age 7 . It has helped me no doubt. I have never had any problems as people say above stomach problems I have never had any. The only thing is I keep eating the complete opposite of everyone else. I usually take it at 9am everyday and I notice it wearing of around 6pm. Yesterday I didn't take because I tried something. I'm currently working night shift usually it's been out of my system hours before starting work. So tonight I took it 9pm even though now it's 4.30am and I've been awake since 7am yesterday I neither show or feel any signs of being tired, drained both physically or mentally. This medication has been nothing but a Success for me."
Review of Adderall XR: "It made me more nervous than usual. It is less stimulating than Adderall IR. I decided to switch to Ritalin."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "My 6 yr old son started on an ADHD regimen about 8 months ago.  We started on Concerta, increased dosage 3 different times, and switched to Vyvanase.  We have increased it to 30 mg and it still is not working.  However, now the moodiness, extreme sadness, and impulsiveness is much worse while on Vyvanse.  I really am considering just dealing with the ADHD without medicinal help.  I feel sorry for the little guy.  This is not what I want him to be like."
Review of Focalin XR: "I was properly diagnosed with ADHD after knowing all my life, I'm special. And different from the rest of my coworkers and people I meet and met.I recently lost my job due to a "rightful" blowup at the my Boss's deputy, which led to all the way to a final write up. Two month later, it was discovered that I wasn't doing the daily logs, that everyone can do, but I couldn't do it easily. This behavior led to a Doctor and conclusion, I have ADHD.At first I was on Vyvanse 20 then 40, this left me speedy and jittery, almost unable to cope in public. So I changed to Concerta XR 36. Mild and cool enough, but I don't see the difference with my ADHD. So I moved to Focalin XR 25. It's been an hour since my taking it at 3pm. I feel it."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Worked for me the first year I took it but then it started to have really bad side effects. I have ADD but I don't have hyperactivity and I was getting socially awkward and having anxiety and even depression. I don't recommend it for someone who's not hyperactive."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Not helpful for hyperactivity. Lasts a long time but doesn't help much.  On 50mg but maybe the dose recommendation is too low."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I adore Vyvanse. It totally improves my quality of life keeping me energized, making me think more clearly and putting me in the happiest mood ever. Different medications work better for different people, but I very highly recommend Vyvanse."
Review of Intuniv: "This is a great medicine. I have known that my daughter now 7, has always been extremely energetic and talkative her entire life, but her impulsivity, inability to concentrate on work (or play), and energy were really interfering with her school and home life. I was so stressed out every day. The behavioral problems were never ending. I mean this child was ALWAYS in trouble, poor girl! She is now like the little girl that I always knew was hiding away in there, but would only rarely come out, she has all of the same positive personality traits plus more. I feel like I can finally connect with her, like her brain just clicked and she is now living in the same reality as everyone around her instead of lost in her  mind. It does make her sleepy."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "On my 4th day of Adderall XR! I just bumped up to 20mg today, and let me tell you, best ADHD drug I have ever taken! One, I feel happy and content. Two, I am a ton more focused! And three, I can sit on my couch and just chill or go out and play basketball with my friends or basically do whatever, my motivation is amazing! I tried Focalin XR, Concerta, Strattera worked for a year, then just stopped working. But I asked my doctor to let me try this medicine, and that is the best choice I have ever made. No insomnia but be ready for a loss of appetite. I lost 8lbs. in the 4 days I've been taking this. As long as it keeps working as it is, I can see me being on this for a long time."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am smack in the middle of the effects of this drug. NOT on the effects it has on ADHD but the effects it has on the rest of my mental health... I first started Vyvanse 4 years ago, with no other underlying mental health issues other than ADHD. When I first started taking the Vyvanse, it completely saved my life. I was confident, energetic, motivated, and happy. Only about a month later, stopped working SIGNIFICANTLY and I felt like my life was over, that was because in only a short month, I became addicted to SPEED, which is what this is, by the way. It will help you INCREDIBLY, but only for the amount of hours it works before it wears off, and then you will feel worse than you have ever felt in your life, and end up getting addicted."
Review of Armodafinil: "I was diagnosed with ADD as a child, but my parents never put me on the drugs. At 30 I decided to see how the other half lived. Concerta, Vyvance, Focalin, etc, I've been prescribed them all. Most are pretty effective, but the jitters, nerves, sleeplesness, etc. were rough. I was prescribed Nuvigil because I didn't want the amphetamine base anymore and I had heard about it. Insurance wasn't happy, but it was approved. It is fantastic. My only complaint, and I'm guessing it's pretty rare, is that it makes me sleepy for the 1st week or so until my body adjusts. After that, clarity. No jitters, no moodiness, no sleep issues, nada. The mood elevating  effects are nice too. It might not work for many this way but I would be lost without it."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I find this medication controls the symptoms of my ADHD with no side effects"
Review of Strattera: "I have been taking Straterra for around six days now. I'm starting to notice a bit of a difference, a positive difference. I feel a lot calmer, I don't feel so emotional. I'm also studying much better. I can read up to twenty to thirty pages of lengthy legal text without losing concentration. I have a history of depression, so my psychiatrist put me on Strattera for my ADHD and symptoms of depression. I am going to review my rating of this drug in a month or so, but for now I'm quite happy. "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "Adderall XR has changed my life. For years, I have struggled with depression and just not feeling well. I happened across an article on Adult ADD and recognized the symptoms. I talked to my doctor and went off Effexor XR and then began taking Adderall XR. Before, I has lost focus by 11 a.m. and didn't even know where to begin on projects for work. Everything just seemed to be too difficult to do. I couldn't make it through the day without a long nap. I feel great, am actually enjoying my work, and don't need naps anymore. Always take it first thing in the morning; otherwise, it will interfere with sleep."
Review of Vyvanse: "I started this medication yesterday. 1st day was great, I felt alert and motivated. On the 2nd day, I could not focus very well, once I realized I can't focus I started getting stressed and then out of no where I felt great sadness come over me and cried for two hours.  This medication clearly altered my emotional state.  Pros- lasts throughout the day, does suppress appetite for those of us looking to shed few pounds."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I was diagnosed with ADHD very late in life, at 55. My main symptoms are depression, anxiety, insomnia, lack of motivation/energy and a raft of others. I have tried every anti-depressant available, most of which didn't work or the side effects were too bad. I always seem to have to take high doses of medication, and ended up on 120mg of Strattera. It didn't do much for my concentration or cognitive symptoms, but after a few months I noticed my motivation getting better. However, it caused my quite severe cardiac symptoms and the dose was dropped to 100mg. I needed to think straight, so Methylphenidate was added. This was a great combination for me, apart from the side effects which often go away given time, but in my case didn't."
Review of Adderall XR: "Since I started taking 15mg of Adderall XR about 2 weeks ago I feel like it's changing my life for the better. I can't say it is having a huge impact on me but I can definitely notice a difference when I'm on it as opposed to when I'm not. My concentration has definitely improved. I can stay on the same thought pattern a lot easier and also follow through with the task at hand. I feel more aggressive towards events that happen it definitely gives me a different outlook.The only symptoms that I am getting with Adderall XR is a loss of appetite. It's really strange how I went from having a huge appetite to just not even thinking about eating or making it a priority. I don't like it but it saves me a bit of money."
Review of Guanfacine: "My son was diagnosed ADHD in 4th grade, he's now in 7th. Since that time we've tried many medications. We finally settled on Metadate, and it worked great, but we kept having to up the dosage, until he's now on 60mg. The doctor recommended adding Intuniv to the Metadate. He was cranky and irritable the first week, but now at week 3 and 2mg dosage, the crankiness seems to be getting better. What I have seen with Intuniv is that he's very difficult to get up in the mornings. But on a good note, if I miss the Metadate medication, his behavior is still pretty good. He's not bouncing all over the house. When he's on both the medications, he's doing really good. I do have hopes to eventually get him off the stimulant all together."
Review of Bupropion: "I've been on 200mg bupropion (regular release, not SR/XR)  total for over 5 years along with an SSRI. I have depression and ADD. The bupropion helps the focus,  though it can make me feel impatient and irritable when it "peaks". I like it because it helps the depression,  ADHD and restless legs and helps offset the negative effect of SSRIs on libido. It does make intrusive images/thoughts worse. I will have sudden mental images of violence (for instance, suddenly getting slammed into by another car while driving) but I'm used to my brain being a pest so I let it roll off me. Helps with motivation and planning and organization. Can cause dry mouth and slight ringing in the ears."
Review of Methylphenidate: "Started on 18mg and did not notice any difference in my ability to concentrate, but noticed that my appetite had decreased. My dosage was switched then to 32mg and I noticed that my attention span had increased slightly but the more noticable change was to my mood and my anxiety. My hands shake from this medication and I get hot flushes although my hands are cold and clammy. I sweat more unconsciously and this is uncomfortable. I went back to talk to my psychiatrist and was told that side effects tend to even out, and sometimes an increase in dosage can speed up this process, so I went up to 54mg. Although the medicine has made a change in my attention, my appetite has gone in the day and I have lost around 7kgs."
Review of Vyvanse: "I'm a 24 year old male. I was on Adderall XR 30mg (daily) for around 3-4 years before my Doctor suggested we try Vyvanse. I have always been pleased with Adderall XR and have no complaints about side effects. Vvyanse (60mg daily) worked as advertised for a about 3-4 days. It was like an upgraded Adderall XR (provided a longer half life that is much needed for my schedule of college and work). Unfortunately, the drug drastically lost its effectiveness. The dry mouth was extreme as well. After just 10 days taking 2 at a time had no effect. Went back to adderall xr and I'm still impressed."
Review of Adderall XR: "I've been taking 20mg of Adderall XR for about 4 months now, and yes I'll admit it has dramatically changed my life. All the good side effects come to life and I feel like a completely amazing person."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have aspergers and ADD and started taking strattera when I was about 9 or 10. And in just two months I lost over 20 kg (44 pounds) I was so skinny but I didn't change because I had tried everything else and this was the smallest side effects I had so far. But after I quit just over a month ago (I'm 17 now) I realized that the medication had caused me to have severe depression for all my childhood, I'm really happy for the first time in forever. and the medication had made me more angry and restless than when not taking them."
Review of Methylin ER: "After 20 years of seeing psychiatrists, I was finally correctly diagnosed with ADD. My life completely normalized soon after starting this drug. I took every antidepressant known to man with no results. If you change jobs, friends, wives, more often than your motor oil, ADD may be your issue too. I have suffered with this for 49 years now I feel like what I assumed normal people feel like. I thank my lucky stars every day for this wonder drug. Only reason I rated a 9  was because of the dry mouth it gives me, but a small price to pay for the benefits received."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I absolutely love this medication for my ADHD and as a mood stabilizer. It works wonders with little to no side effects. Coming down from it in the evenings is another story .. My coming down period sucks as I just get consumed with rage."
Review of Methylphenidate: "My son takes this. Best medication he has been on that works. Just hard to get as it's always on back order."
Review of Vyvanse: "My 3 1/2 year old son has taken Ritalin,Strattera,and Focalin. By far Vyvnase has been the best. My only complaint is  about an hour after taking it and thru to the 3rd hour he is a bit "slow," however,  over all he is like having a completely different child, positively speaking of course."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am a 25 yr old woman, I've been on Vyvanse for about 1.5-2 yrs and I have had a great experience with it. I've always been a bright student and done pretty well in school, I got by in high school but found myself struggling in college. I got diagnosed with ADHD, tried Strattera, tried Concerta to no effect. New doctor suggested Vyvanse, I started at a 30 mg, I'm up to 70 mg a day but have been steady on that dose for at least a year. It has decreased my appetite, but I also started p90x not long after I started taking this drug so I'm not sure which is more responsible for my weight loss. Besides that, no real side effects just helps me focus and concentrate on whatever I am supposed to be doing (and not just daydream)."
Review of Adderall: "I have Primarily Inattentive ADHD and recently was diagnosed at 39 years old. I was on Amphetamine salts IR 10 mg 2x's a day as needed at 1st, which worked ok, but gave me some side effects I didn't appreciate, such as peeing so much it kept me awake at night. Also it worked inconsistently per day and sometimes per hour. It gave me blurred vision. So I was switched to 20 mg amphetamine salts xr which is much easier on my system. I don't have the urinary issues and it works a bit more consistently, though I don't get the "zeroed in" focus that I got with the IR and I still get some blurred vision, but no issues that cause it. Also, with both I have mildly decreased appetite, which is fine since I'm overweight and also a very dry mouth."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I have taken Adderall XR for almost 10 years. I have taken the Generic amphetamine salt mix depending on what the pharmacy had in stock. Never had an issue with either one. Then one day I go pick up my prescription and my pills look funny... they are now a yellowish white color I took them for 2 months and they just weren't working. These need to go back in front of the FDA and be Reno!!! They are not by any means the same!!! I looked up the inactive ingredients on this pill and the main difference that stands out is the fact that it has Shellac in it. Shellac is something that you paint your finger nails with... I could not find the active ingredients but Im sure they are the same as name brand."
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I was diagnosed with ADHD unexpectedly when I started going to a counseling center a couple months ago, after I got in trouble for bringing marijuana to school. I was also diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety. I am 15 and this all came as one big unexpected shock to me. I felt useless and pathetic knowing this. I was put on medication for all of the mental disorders, including Adderall. I have always been a good student, but now I am actually able to focus in school and now, I'm excited about going to classes and doing homework. I actually feel like I'm worth something for once."
Review of Adderall: "I took this medicine for ADD when I was eleven. I'd had some slight muscle tics before that and the doctor warned me and my parents that Adderall could make those worse, but at the time I wasn't too worried about it. That was a mistake. The tics got far worse, to the point that once I passed out because it made it difficult for me to breath. One doctor said it was OCD, and another said it might be Tourette's, and another thought it was the medicine.  All I know is I've stopped taking it and they've mostly gone away, though they still come back every once in a while when I'm tired. I'm not sure if Adderall would have helped my "ADD"; I didn't take it long enough. I've since managed to get it together and improve my grades without any medication."
Review of Pemoline: "I started on Cylert in 1990 and my brain activity took off.  I was concentrating better, I wasn't as nervous as I used to be. I stopped taking it because my doctor moved from one location to out of state.  I figured I'd give it a try without it.  I went back on it in 1998 for a period of time and felt as I did back in the early 1990s.  I now cannot get it because of hepatic problems, but I am willing to keep taking it because it is and was the best ADD medication I have ever had.  I am very upset and sorry for all of us who do not use it anymore and there are no more alternatives closest to Cylert.  Maybe one day there will be, but until then, with all of the medications I have tried, my mind will continue to spin and constantly be on run."
Review of Intuniv: "I am currently taking Vyvanse and Intuniv. I am 16 years old and I have ADD. I am on week 2 of the Intuniv. I have noticed that every time I get up from sitting down or laying down, I get very dizzy. I haven't felt sleepy or tired, but I think that's just because I am taking the Vyvanse too. I am taking Intuniv to try to cancel out the anxiety side effect of the Vyvanse. I haven't noticed a difference at all. I am just very frustrated at this point. I have tried almost every ADD medicine out there. I still have impulses and still am a perfectionist. I am still hoping that it will improve over time."
Review of Evekeo: "So far so good. Helps with ADHD but less side effects .. Gonna keep using it"
Review of Focalin: "This was the 6th medication that my 6 yo son tried. Loved Daytrana, but the rashes were terrible and it took forever to kick in. Hated Focalin. He had no better of an appetite on it and most importantly, even though his symptoms were not resolved, he was a zombie on the lowest dosage - hyperfocused, irritable, NO sense of humor (and this is the kid that was always called "a one man show" in school). On to number 7 now...."
Review of Strattera: "My son is 9 years and  we just found out that he has ADHD but since he has been on his medicines he's been really good at  school. "
Review of Daytrana: "My 9yr old daughter was on the Daytrana 10mg patch the last half of the school year. The daytrana patch did eliminate the spacing out, and she did excell in her classes the last quarter of the school year. She brought her D's and U's up to C's and B's. I took her off the medication over the summer and now she's been back on the same 10mg Daytrana patch for 4 days. She has barely been able to eat anything. She cries because of the constant stomach pain. She's been complaining that her vision is getting blurry (which is listed as a known side effect) she has also been throwing up about once a day. I'm currently trying to work with the specialist to see if this will even out or if I should pull her off the patch ASAP."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I've been taking Vyvanse for about a year now and it has been an interesting trip. At first I couldn't sleep for the life of me and would go days on only a couple hours of sleep that I could get. Then after a couple months I was able to sleep almost like I used to and I noticed that I was more mentally alert and energetic but, my appetite dramatically diminished to almost nothing and still felt like my body wasn't getting enough rest. On top of that, when I would skip a dose I would have EXTREME hunger where I couldn't eat enough and I would have terrible fatigue! After a year everything evened out and began to feel normal other than having no appetite, but I have a healthy food schedule so I don't forget to eat. I would also like to say that I think it should NOT be recommended for children!"
Review of Methylphenidate: "just got diagnosed with add and im 19yrs old the doc prescribe me 36mg concerta and this my second day taking the pill and i still feel the same"
Review of Adderall: "I've been taking Adderall for roughly two years now,I could honestly say it helped me  SO much.Having A.D.D my whole life, it completely made my life out of control.I only realized how much of my issues were connected to having A.D.D until l i took my medication,i cannot even explain.Its insanesometimes it even got me emotional thinking about it cause i would say to everyone around me "is this how people without ADD feel ?" and think wow i missed out on SO much.Luckily i could say everything has changed. Graduated highschool,found myself a job,totally different group of friends,even the way i interact and feel about myself TOTAL CHANGE. I would have gave it a 10/10 but my loss of appetite and could not sleep.sucks but pros over cons"
Review of Vyvanse: "First i want to say that everyone is different and not everyone reacts the same to medication. I started with Concerta, it didn't work for me at all. I didn't feel like myself, it took over my personality and I started to have heavy anxiety, panic attacks, anti social and paranoia.Then I got Vyvance and its life changing, It doesn't feel like I'm on a prescription. It's more a tool that helps me get through everyday life. I'm much calmer, I can concentrate on one thing at the time. I get so much more done and I feel like I'm in peace with my mind. My patience has improved, I'm less impulsive and I can sit for a long time straight without feeling bubbly or restless.Side effect- Dry mouth, no appetite. But EAT and eat smart, it gets back."
Review of Concerta: "I am an 18 year old male. While I was in school I struggled with subjects that involve high levels of focus to succeed in e.g. Math, Chem, Physics, English (all of the important ones). In grade 12 I decided to try Concerta after a bad experience with Ritalin (night terrors). I only take it on days I will need it which I think makes you not need to go up in dosage. It worked so well it is hard to explain what happens exactly but it just makes you focus and understand what the teacher is talking about. My marks instantly went up. The only side affects I get is I feel warm and sometimes if I take it to late in the day I have trouble falling asleep. This medicine is a miracle, I wish I had it earlier on in school because it helps so much."
Review of Clonidine: "My 6 yo tried this after Intuniv failed. It made him constantly tired and irritable, and actually made his impulsiveness worse since he just seemed cranky and emotional all of the time. It also constipated him to the point that ended up with fissures.It never made a meaningful dent in his ability to concentrate or sit still, and he became more argumentative in school and less willing to comply.I've yet to meet anyone that these work for, but it sure would be nice if there were a non-stimulant that worked. We're on stimulants now and still haven't found a miracle there, either.I will say that it didn't affect his appetite, which was nice."
Review of Methylphenidate: "It worked good on my son."
Review of Concerta: "Yes, this medicine does work very well for paying attention. It also can be used when you need it and can stop and start use (you can just take it on schooldays even just important school days if you want). It's good that you don't have to ruin your weekend with the bad side effects. If you just take one like I have for five years you'll focus but by noon you'll be a zombie that hates the sound of people trying to make pointless conversation. "
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "This drug has been miraculous for me, it helps my fatigue and helps focus and alertness."
Review of Adderall XR: "I love Adderall XR. It helps me get through the day and make the best of everyday."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am an older adult who started taking vyanese about three months ago. I had been feeling tired and had a hard time focusing on work. At night I would come home and did not feel like talking with my family. I didn't like interacting with people at work. This had been going on and developing for quite some time. (Over the course of about 10 years) i talked to my regular doctor and nothing, psychologists were worthless. After seeing a psychiatrist he prescribed me 30 mg of vyanese to take in the morning. What a difference this drug has made for me, able to focus, function better socially and just feel better. I'm 62."
Review of Atomoxetine: "I have had ADD all my life. Starting in 5th grade, my psychiatrist put me on Concerta. I didn't eat well and I didn't grow for almost three years. When my doctor expressed concern, I was switched to Strattera. I am now a senior in high school, and have been on Strattera for five years. I haven't noticed any side effects and it has truly been a blessing in my life."
Review of Ritalin: "Not good for me, migraines were terrible and had tongue swelling. I went on to Stratarra which I found better"
Review of Amphetamine / dextroamphetamine: "I've been diagnosed with ADHD for many years my child hood was filled with lots of trouble. I've had more failing grades than I can count more referrals then most kids been kicked out of an amazing school and lost a full ride scholarship.  I'm not blaming all these problems on being ADHD but not having self control for my actions is a big factor my doctor finally prescribed me to Adderall and the difference is cazy. I have been able to stay focused on school and all my classes for the first time in 6 years I am getting honor roll I have an interest in being in school. I'd recommend any one to give Adderall a  try. It truly has made my life a lot easier by being able to stay focused."
Review of Armodafinil: "I went undiagnosed with severe ADHD for 20 years because another problem was complicating the diagnosis.  I had been taking various energy drinks in an effort to concentrate.  Just a few days ago, I was given a prescription for Nuvigil.  Wow.  This stuff hit me like a mac truck! It was unlike anything I have ever experienced.  For once, I actually had the drive and motivation to organize things and get things done.  I immediately proceeded to straighten every single thing in my room, down to the last bits of lint on the carpet.I like the new me.  I hope it lasts."
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 18 years old and just graduated high school, all of my life I have had issues with going to school and getting things done. Always had great grades the first months of the school year then they would drop to C's, D's or failing. I was put on Vyvanse 1 day before my 18th birthday and it completely changed my life. Not only am I a much happier person, but I actually take interest in things and like finishing things I start! I have noticed some weight loss, but my appetite is and always will be still there. I'd really love to thank whoever discovered the wonderful prescription Vyvanse!"
Review of Vyvanse: "I am 26 and started taking classes again. I was diagnosed ADD at 9 and was off and on Adderall and Ritialin through high school. I would always take it in the morning of school days, and not take it on weekends. I'm on 70 mg Vyvanse now I've been on for 3 months. I like it because it suppresses my appetite the least of the 3 medicines. I'm getting concerned though, because with school and work I will take 2 a day sometimes. But I still don't take it on non work or school days, but my concern is I think I am feeling withdrawal effects. I took it 12 days straight between 70 and 140mg a day, and the first day I didn't take it I couldn't get out of bed and felt depressed and had no motivation. I'm on day 2 and my brain feels like mush."
Review of Strattera: "I started with a low dose and then took the highest dose. I noticed nothing for the first two months and then I felt suicidal, derpressed and it did nothing for my ADHD. It was costly even with insurance and I had to stop taking it. Now I'm stuck with my ADHD and never have I felt worse than I did on this medication. It messes with your mind."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I am 18 years old. I took this medication for 2 years if I remember correctly, in elementary, yes it helped me focus better in school somewhat but at the same time it had taken my appetite away, gave me insomnia, stomach cramps, mood swings and hallucinations and if I skipped a dose, I would get physically sick. I would NOT recommend this mediation."
Review of Dexmethylphenidate: "My son started taking this at 6, he was violent with family members, and would not pay attention in class, refusing to do homework, sometimes hitting other kids. He had never been  on any other behavior modification medication before. We noticed a big difference when he started taking Focalin XR. His teacher started sending home good notes. He was doing well in school, but by the time he got home the medication had worn off, and we were dealing with the same problems. Now he has been on it for 2 months, it seems as though his body has just gotten used to the medicine and his former behavior had taken over. Now we are consulting his Doctor to see if the medication needs to be increased, or where to go from here."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was diagnosed about 8 months ago with ADHD and am 31 years old. I always knew that something wasn't quite right, but growing up the teachers just told my parents that I was a "social butterfly" and wasn't interested in school. When I went to college I just stuck with classes that I knew information about. I am currently taking a class that I really have no interest or knowledge in and it's AMAZING. I was one of two people that passed 3 tests a couple of weeks ago...and this week I passed 2 tests with 100%. LOVE IT."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I was just diagnosed ADD by the Quotient test - I have always been successful but lazy and the kind of guy who always did the bare minimum but managed to squeak through life (school and work).  Fortunately I am an entrepreneur and have employees because I do not feel I could have ever held down a job. I have been taking Vyvanse for a week and my entire life has changed - I am getting my work done, I am happier, have less stress and anxiety about not getting things done and for the first time in my life I am able to sit and accomplish a task without getting frustrated, distracted and putting things off.  AMAZING!"
Review of Ritalin: "My son was diagnosed with ADHD last week he has always been super hyper, climbs on furniture, spins, sticks tongue out and can't look anyone in the eyes without fidgeting around. I didn't want to believe it but when my parents and my grandparents, also the dentist asked about him...I knew things were getting worse. He was seen by 3 specialists in NH and was given 5mg of Ritalin 1/2 morning 1/2 afternoon, he has already had a profound change in his behavior. He doesn't stick his tongue out of his mouth at all and makes crazy noises, he can sit calmly now and concentrate, he actually played with some of his toy which he didn't really do before, only con so far..after 4 hours he has aggressive behavior and crying over nothing. Just started maybe that's why."
Review of Concerta: "I have been taking Concerta for (ADHD) about 3 months now.  The effects have been both positive and negative.  I started off with 36 mg and my grades were increasing rapidly, and I was more focused, but I started to become more antisocial, angry, I didn't have an appetite, I had sleeping problems and depression.  Then about two weeks ago I switched to 54 mg due to lack of focus, and my stomach has been troubling me. I'm having twitching problems, and I am hearing voices."
Review of Adderall: "I wasn't diagnosed with ADHD until my 30s.  I am now 47.  My biggest struggle is trying to stay awake, focused and on task.  On Adderall I was finally able to organize all the billions of thoughts racing around in my head and focus in on the tasks at hand.  Downside - as the years went on I went from 5 mg 2x a day to 20 mg 2x a day over a period of 10 or so years.  I ended up getting off because I started feeling very hot all the time - shorts in 40 degree weather was comfortable for me. The other problem was I was starting to sleep 12 hours a day (work from home so literally worked, slept, ate, slept)- this resolved after stopping the Adderall. Loved how kept me efficient in tasking but extreme fatigue forced me to find another alternative"
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "It works wonders"
Review of Intuniv: "My adopted 13 y.o. son has fetal alcohol syndrome causing severe ADHD and failure to thrive. Has been on Concerta for four years. For years his special Education teachers let him run around in the halls to tire him out and lessen the hyperactivity. Even with the Concerta at 36 mg he was extremely hyper. He started Intuniv about a year ago, takes 3 mgs per day plus a reduced Concerta dose (18 mg). No side effects of note. He seems to be doing better hyperactivity wise in school, but I have not noticed a big difference at home. I also still have big problems with him homework-wise too. At 10 y.o. he weighed 60 lbs, with reduction in Concerta dose, he's finally gaining weight (13 y.o., 91 lbs) so that's the trade off we're making."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I am 28 years old. I'm a cook in an extremely fast paced, high profile kitchen needless to say celebritys love to have their weddings there. When I take my Vyvanse I can cook at a 100% capacity for the whole 8 hrs. Laser focused, good mood, feel I can do another 300 covers after we're done, don't need any help in the line. It's just wow. If you work in a place where you're under high pressure and quality is demanded this is your drug. I've always had ADD since I was small. My mother was too negligent to do anything about it I was a failure in high school and it really sucked. I would read things and be like " what?" Lol I was bad now I take 60mg I take one around 1pm to help me through my work."
Review of Clonidine: "I have a 8 year old son with ADHD. He is extremely hyper and unable to focus, school and friends became a true nightmare. We see a wonderful and highly respected psychiatrist. He is very knowledgeable on ADHD medicines. I was told when their is an emotional factor to the ADHD, Clonidine is the best medication for this. We tried Clonidine after MANY stimulants and non-stimulants also anti-psychotics. Clonidine 1.0 mg 2x a day this was the only medicine that we saw immediate results with. The only side effect was the tiredness, which did go away. I started him on the Kapavy 2 weeks ago. This medicine is a true GOD send. He is calm, focused, and far less emotional. We can't say enough great things. Please give this medicine a try."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "This drug is the best thing. I have more energy. Can do more things and my mind is not thinking 100 things at once."
Review of Vyvanse: "After two hours of taking  this at 60 mg, I feel NOTHING! I have never been on any other ADHD meds except  this one. I've only been prescribed this medication two months ago and doc told me to take it once a day, everyday. I never abused it and never will. I am an avid runner and I run 3 to 5 miles everyday ever since I was 16, now I am 30 years old. I am also a serious health  conscious person. I know that this drug is to be metabolized in your liver before becoming active but I feel like this medication  goes through me too fast, like drinking water! I get more benefits  for my cognition problems with Brintellix!  This might be one of those cases where I might be  better on Adderral. I never experienced a crash on this drug."
Review of Methylphenidate: "I've been on and off this medication for a few years now. I have mixed feelings towards it. The first 30 minutes to an hour of taking it , I feel a rush and a feeling of I can do anything. That rush motivates me to go to the gym actually. After the rush is gone I feel more focused and alert. After the alerteness has warn off I feel moody and irritable. I'm very aware it's the medication making me on edge and try to control it. I get a bit headachy sometimes and it bothers my stomach from time to time. Always hungry? Not on this medication. Appetite gone, at least for a while until the next pill. Make sure to eat!I would say this medication is addictive and would not recommend it to anyone that has an addiction problem."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "It changed my life"
Review of Adderall: "I was first diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 6. My parents at the time decided against treating my illness with any form of medication. This was in the mid-90s during a time where ADHD and ADHD medications were very controversial. This led to self-medicating with prescription opioids throughout my teens and early twenties. It wasn't until several psychiatrists continued to stress the importance of treating my ADHD that I finally decided to try the Adderall. And I can proudly say that it changed my life and saved me from a serious drug addiction. I'm now in my third year of school studying psychopharmacology. Thank you Adderall."
Review of Vyvanse: "Just started taking Vyvanse. Before I was taking Adderall 30mg XR and I'll tell you Vyvanse works so much better. Vyvanse stays active until it wears off. The only bad part is, sometimes it will stop working for like 5 minutes and then it will start working wonders again. It helps me get my work done and it helps me stay in control and very focused all day long while I'm working. Before I started taking Vyvanse I couldn't concentrate what so ever. And I would never get my work done. It also makes me feel the best that I have ever felt in my whole life. If it wasn't for Vyvanse I would probably be fired. I'm 24 and I finally get to enjoy life. To the people who made Vyvanse god bless you."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm 51-years old and was skeptical regarding ADD or ADHD. A counselor urged me to get tested. I agreed to do it because all I wanted was help. I no longer cared what the answer was for whatever was wrong. I only cared if it worked. So, I did the test and was told I was "off the charts" the highest scores they had seen in years of testing. Today I take 120-150 mgs of Vyvanse daily and it makes a difference. Nonetheless, even though Vyvanse has been very helpful, I still doubted whether ADHD was "real." I couldn't understand why the medicine was so highly regulated. How could anyone get addicted to this stuff I thought? Then I realized people like me don't get high from drugs like this and that's one reason I know it's working and ADHD is real."
Review of Lisdexamfetamine: "I'm a 22 year old male with a horrible case of ADHD. In the past I've taken Adderall which made me absolutely nuts. Since starting Vyvanse I have noticed the euphoric high feeling is gone and the focused, mellow feeling kicking in. I take 70mg daily and it lasts me a solid 10 hours. Wish I had been on this medicine from the start!"
Review of Dextroamphetamine: "Treatment for ADHD save my life. Don't believe all the hype and the stigma around this diagnosis and treatment. It is a real condition there is real treatment and it makes a real and profound difference to the lives of people with this debilitating condition. So don't be afraid to seek help if you think you might have ADHD it is not just childhood illness in in my opinion it generally consists persists in some form for the duration of your life just like any other disease"
